###PAGE###1###
Itl
ii f
9
SS=
m




THE EQUITY
Th ft Equity.
lnK VuOIlt it ; |ln •gain."
“ You
»n»y%ne*
,er c-roes my |Midi
j ba*;k to London h* vûe colonel in a voire nf
1HBVBD tVUtT WOTMUY, HY
aie goinr morrow !" 8».V3 alarm “ Yea, , enmg *’
\
SMITH 6 OOWAH,
\
Editor! and Proprietors.
overt» have tianapiretl Un» i:\ -nat make» my atay at Minivan] a, after tonight, a tiling impos-

TE1M8 OF SI'BKCKiFTSON g

àl- •
f
wble
| Hi§ palms tighten over her liaml*. There J i» » silence of a few moment*. Tlie gold------- I en hour of hi* life has arrived,oh hestandm
^ ^ -s	there in the moonlight, ami he is not go*	l-O# ing to let it slip by without, “ putting his
I fate to the touch to w in or lom« ell.
( To be Continued. )
Out dollar a year, in advance ; one Holla and fifty emit if not paid till the end k of the year.
BRYSON, COUNTY OF PONTIAC, QUE., SEPTEMBER 90,1883.
Vol. I

5
onel coolly. “There is no man living ha* better cause to lie precaution* tint!’ In when intending to propose for the hand of a lady. You think it is a thing t hat no man should do hastily, and I agree with you. “There was a time when “My only books were women's looks,” but I cannot add like the poet, “ Folly is all *lio taught me.” Women’s looks, my only books, taught mu wisdom, and 1 should says man should know wliat he is about when he proposes. He should know that ho is truly in love, and lias perfect faith in the object of that love ; this, my friend embraces everything. You have hesitated at your proposing to Miss Vane, lie-cause you think there are a thousand and one things,to be considered. With me perfect love and perfect trust would set the thousand and one things down a*, naught; but then —” the earnest look dies out of the colonel’s face, and the old ear . oastie gleam is in his hazel eyes—“S' ,r Perciva] Banvnrd, it is true, has a thin u. and and one things to consider that nc ver need enter the mind of a poor soldier 0f fortune.”
“Now colonel, that last remark is kind-----”
“ But true,’ interrupts the color jej y hope you won't think mu a medd ____________
“ Colonel,” cries Sir Puicival casning Colonel Grey’s hand, “ I ruga; d’ * £ \ true friend/’	*
“ And it is that you will •	•
as such that I have spoken manner 1 did, so that i	j°'
you would never liaw f; -1' for Grey I might hr * >r colonel turns u* hastily away, ' der what tr
eyes meet hen for a nwmient, and they say to her as plainly aa if his tongue uttered it, “A« cut hin« if you dare !”
The colonel, does not linger In the hall room but pacing out upon the veranda, begins to w ,*]k ip and down like some caged aw nsi. He takes ont his watch ; five, tun > f inîtes piss, and they are still together ju the conservatory. The colonel inur i lm laboring under rime intense mental excitement, for ho clenches hi* hand* tightly that the crystal of hi* watch rhiver» into atoms, and as this tuis-haps takes place, his watchful eye catches Sir pm-cival coming from the conservator y alone. The colonel holds his breath f° r a moment as he eagerly scans the n iftjor’s face. B is not the face of a man ' #ho has boon mwlr happy, ami the colonel draws a long breath, places his damaged time piece lisait in his | rocket, draws from his case a cigj», and lighting it, cowalks the velBSda with his lands ’
IDVETIfilMi TI1KMK.
liez Variant Secret.
thinks a* hra eyes follow Miss Vane until she leaves the lull-room. Evidently the attraction is gone. Colonel Grey is not making himself so ducedly agreeable tonight, his comrades think He quite the ball-room again shortly after Dolores i leaves him. He is not in quite as good I •pints as he was fifteen minutes ago—; fact he is not so sure that ho knows that somebody else is that Mis-loves. Ho step* out upon the once more. “ 1 believe I’ll walk," he nays tohimaol' enough to light anoth ously putting aws’
a lie
is false -false sa th them !” says t from him, hr “ Well ’ night, '
we
Transient sdwrtUkwmta, 8 went» per lino for IIret insertion ; 3 cents per lino fur ewy nuhst-iuent|lii»er-
Woo.
xf tongue that uttoied colons, staggering away w face the color of death, x have not my proof with me to. ont I will lay it Wore you in lea* ..	.	.	,	,
m a fortnight. I would have gone “tl0,‘ turned on typographical errors. Of each to America long ago to make this co™T e^el7 man Pre<*'nt who had wielded story known to you ; bnt aa 1 have told \Febef the purpose of lifting strug you, I never could keep enough money *"“*	mto th,e “ri-61 -Gats, .
together to defray my expenses. I am w, ,ro , , ,nK ™ys of the bright sun all out of funds now. I haven't a crown of knowledge should illumine the path, to play poker with Kir Percival to-mor- 8tc'’ had s,,lne reinmmcence atout certain
row-----"	typographical errors. Joe Peters, of the
“ For God's sake tell me, Claud Du- Blowtown fWe, finally got the floor, vane, have you trumped up this story for Gentlemen, said he, “ see that v, ,	,	the purpose of extorting money from me ? i,cr”“ cht'ck h'« 88 a horseshoe, see
aUtlful moonlight night. The Tell mo the truth ; say that you liavo and îh“ erev,ee 1,1 "‘T noee whence a portion 100k enchanting. Trees,flower- my purse is at your disposal."	,la* been extracted; see the remaining
• Paying fountains and grand walks “ I wan t some of your money " says half inch flf nKllt ear; examine this .e seen to lietter advantage than if it Mr. Duvane coolly. “I don't think it is llani* and wonder what became of the was broad day-light. The colonel makes right for one member of the family to thumb ar"1 f"llrtl1 finger; look at this stiff a circuit of the grounds rnd dashes into have it all ; but what I have told you is leK' All tliis is the result of gutting an V the woods at the right of the Hall. He not a trumped up story. I shall prove to wh(;re an v uu=ht to be. takes, but a few steps when he beam a you that you arc my sister; then 1 shall report a case in Squire Field's office •nan s familiar voice, a few stepe more exjiect you to do the handsome tiling by a?d the evidence of one of ti e witnesses and he has come upon a man and woman hie. 1 will not see you again for peril»,» id. not Ulll.V very well with the other. . standing talking, the moon light full up- a fortnight—until lean present my proofs , 18 was a ’”«• b"r,>',,la"- “ *'vuiy viable on them. He pauses for a moment, but till then, by by, dearest sister !” and then keelier' who '"'g1'1 be able to get away that moment seems an age. The man is he smilingly walks away carrying with him wit,‘ Sulllval1 1 incidenily remarked Duvane, the woman is Miss Vane. The the horror stricken face of the girl	that the witness was a veracious
colonel recovers himself in an instant, Dolores lets him go for want of words to Wel1' gentlemen, when the thojU eyosMr. Duvane, takes off his Imt to Mias detain him. She stands for some mom- ,ut tile "'tolbgent compositor and the \ ano, who comes before him, then passes ents in speechless agony, then sinking on wlual,y intelligent proof reader had got it at a rapid pace. So dumbfounded was a rustic bench beside her, she covers her *r°rac|,"m- The livery stable man saw it he at the sight of these two together that, face with hor hands and groans	before 1 did, and walked stmirht into the
although ho distinctly heard Clau.l Du- “Oh God ! what is coming upom mo ? 'flice. without speaking a word lie seized vane speak, he cannot recall a word that Direct me what I shall do in this terrible 'lie by the hand and broke these fingers he said. This ia the engagement that strait : And Colonel Grey, what can he <0,t,heJ' 1114,1 to be amputated: then he Miss Vane spoke of. He would give the think of me ? To see me in that man s abbed 1,16 aK«mst the wall tv ith force world to know why these two have met, company, when he told me only the oth ,nouKb to knock out my front teeth, st.ije but ho is too much of a man to er night that he was not a proper asso- ""K to enquire w bother l still thought he try to listen ; he does not slack- ciato for any woman !"	waa voracious. Before I could answer he
en his speed until he is sure he can noitli-	_____ bit off a piece of my ear and asked me if 1
er hear nor see them. When he comes to	CHAPTER Vll.	took him for a fool who undertook to eat
a standstill his hands are clenched until	eighteen goose eggs in eighteen hours,
his nails arc imbedded in the lleeh, his	°-"fL'r woman he ever loved. Then he slammed me against the impos-
ts» is of a livid hue and his eyes are While Claud Duvane iaapeaking toDol- '"g «tend and broke my leg, and mildly flashing fire.	ores, Colonel Grey's tall figure is leaning enquired if he looked like a man who
lo think, that alter all these years 1 against a tree in the distance He has would make a bet to assimilate a brace of have been such » fool," he says with in- only been standing there some fifteen min 1"»'! every day for six weeks. Before I descri liable bitterness ; “ Such a conceit- utes, but it seems to him that many years co . rec"V(’r from tbat "ssaull he landed ed fool to let myself fancy for a moment are crowded into that short period Will an iron inkstand against my jaw hone that I waa the man. No no, there is no he soe Duvane when he is leaving her - *%b the query whether anylasly had told such happiness in store for me. I under perhaps not ; he may leave the woods by 116 t*lat bc Wl-S tbe very party who could stand it a 1 now, he is an old lover of here, another direction. She has promised him '1i8est a I*** o{ mn‘ “)'sicrs at a sitting, met lier in America without a doubt. They the Caledonian— will she bo there in time Ae 1 PaHm« »»b'te, he bit a piece out of had soma misunderstanding or a quarrel,	Will she dance with	him to night I	Wil'	ny nose and left. After the	dot tut	bad
and parted. He s[ioke to her at the gar	she give him any explanation about	this	fathered what	lucre	was left	of	me	and
vison toll and she was indignant, hut she meetingÎ Bah? what does she care foi wt my br°ken bones, 1 asked b r it copy has granted him this interview, and of him that she would give any reason foi ,f tbe S’b/to and discovered w hat it was course he will explain everything to hei meeting this man ? At this moment tin that had made him mad.” satisfaction. And it is for this man that colonels handsome full lips form a straight “Did you sue him for damage* I 'a.- ke l
she gave up Sir Percival Barnard. My	line ; then he heare	a footstep and	the	th® =rowd'.
God, she cannot know what a worthless	next instant Claud	Duvane passes	him Not at all,	said	Peters,	I	had	got
fellow this Duvane is. What shall I do, like a flash. The colonel noverdid like nore damages than I wanted elivaiiv. stand idly by and see her deceived. Bah, Duvane and now he has the heart to fol she would not thank me for iutcrfereiiig, low and strangle him. The next moment
girls in love arc all the same.	he is smiling derisively at hie murderous T ,¦	, , ¦ ,	-,	...	.
The colonel replaces the cigar between intention, and he retraces his steps,crush- Lh-Iicm - caged lords of Imam nul plum his teeth and paces up and down unde, ing the bramble beneath his footsteps will b'* sickly looks; pale nets of t ie the trees;—and while he is thus engaged a vengeance. He reaches the spot when «Hor.who iwcla t-in tmheiJthv we will look after poor Dolores.	he met Mr. Duvane ami Miss Vane ; and	' lko t,lti pofatou. genmimtmg m a
When Dolores received Claud Dt,vane's ho [muses for a moment as a moan reaches “rk V,'U“I , tt,,y Jo V" L"’ '»«¦• the note, her first impulse wat, as we liavo al- his ear. He looks about him He sees alr 8,1,1 warm aunshiin . and ... t ready stated, to meet him and defy him the train of a beautiful toll-dress lying on ',lst'v your bba"" }•» cr •. -A, to prove that she is Du vane’s daughter ; the ground, and its owner cloaked sittin. ! aKtl,''7 t	allu v’"	, • , „
but thinking it over since then, she knew m a rustic bench, her face buried in hei rHI‘,eK ' r“kc exorcise, inn up the lull that she could not do tluit mid keep her	hands. Heneeda no one to tell	him	that '''	a-"“' f;'r
promise to the dead. She determined to	it is Mies Vane. She would not	wish	him	T'!' the hdds.	elnnh the fern ,c Iwpibe
free herself, though, at any cost from tie to see her. and he resumes Ids walk ; bu» , T' ",!W, t,le atrvimi8:	8
pmir this man thoughtlie possessed ovci ! he lias only taken a few steps when a moar	" '""rat,in; ;'oicis. raid .......
her She met him on the verge of thi	reaches his ear, The moan and	* he grief	drained liberty	go Isnnc ».t:i mi )•»-
woods where he had hen waiting for her,	stricken attitude, arc more	than	he	™tlt? T,	,hy, ,!"'llt!iy " ‘.I’-C"»”'1-
but a few minutes before Colonel Grey can bear. His heart is full to bursting ^ beautiful and blooming vim-; lady discovered them ; in fact, Mr. Duvane had He is at her side in an instant, and his -rosy-vhcvkc.l and bright .yv». wl,.. only time to say, in his most insulting liaml. gentle an » woman’s is resting or » stocking and mend bo own dross tone :	her head before he knows it.	wliocan command a legimcnt o« js.ls and
“ Ah, iny charming Dolores, I thought “ Mira Vime I know this is an intrusion ¦ ,°8L . U‘“ you would not dare stay sway ; ” then and you may never forgive it, but you ar. 1 P/'/hat young men are m .picut ot lor Colonel Grey is looking down in hei in trouble and it grieves me ; I could not *	“ !d WIHI'
face.	,sws on and not speak to you.’	w",1e<l- d'dbd"-ssed, consul,.ption-mort
Her hands fall from her face and she ^b'”""^'"’<rdetiug „..vv,lcv„„„e.
laughters of fashion and idleness, y ou iomore lit for matrimony than a spring ,hit-ken is to look after a bi o al of fourteen chickens. The truth i«, my dear girl», you want less fashionable restraint, and more liberty of action more kitchen and less parlor; more standing and walking, ind less sofa; more frankness and less mock-modesty. Loosen your waist-strings ind breathe the pure atmosphere, and be come something as good and as beautiful is Nature has desired. You can be a real lady, too.—Record.

Or, WHOSE CHILD WAS SHE ?
Professions! cents, 6 tinea or Ism, per yw: tl 06.
Contracts by the veer it retsonehk rites Parties sdvcrtlilcg by the year will be sx]ictet to pay for the m «"quarterly
Ccrroapomtoncc eoUcItcd from all r*rt* ot the ratin-t/. (lorreapondonta ere twrU- ilUily rr,ju. itM to write in e moderate style, end sign their cummunicathine.
ill e40” for an ME.M
At 4ii editorial convention the
tha-

cornu*
BY HAZEL WOOD.



«:

PART III. CHAPTER V.
who < Vino « verandah take a short -, as ho stops long .er cigar, and vigor/, he runs down the
/'
Ths KquiTY Oflke k replete with the newest desl^j
of Job Printing matorisl, *nd the proprietor» anr^lc-re<l to execute every description of plain amTflW)
TUE PROVOHAL.
we

At the celebration of Sir Percival’* birthday the towns people and the tenantry enjoy themselves in the grounds at Banvard Hall, where th# have music and dancing and game» of ##vy description, and eet-ihle* and fewhments in abundance. Them is tub# avail in the evening for the grandees, many of whom arrive early in the day to witness the out-door festivities. Indeed, not a tow “real lords” take a part in the scene, hâ leading out the farmers’ handsome, rosjsjlieeked daughters, in their starched must# dresses as white as the snow ; but ndfnigh bom dame ie seen dancing with/the handsome, stalwart country lacldm No, indeed ; my lord is very demncrMc on occasions of this kind —when thf#ls are young and prattv— but my lady carries her head higher than usual ; she never forgets her station. Representative of one of the noblest families of the realm, with a rent roll of thirty thousand pounds per annum, a brave soldier, and only twenty-five to-day 1 How many young men present wished them-Bclves in Sir Percival # shoes ; but how many young girls of every station arc exerting themselves to win his favor ! Surely Sir Percival ought to be Irnppy ; he has everything his heart can wish for—no,not everything. There is a cloud on Sir Per-rival's fair face. He is not happy. His heart craves for something for which h would gladly sacrifice lands, title,—ov thing that makes him enviable— thing earthly save lus honor wou' lingly give up for the love of D His face does not show how erabte he is. Fate, he t* ami Dolores apart. If near her he would ' not dream that s' week ago how to know the’ in this afi 'is com
indr ¦«*! gives him no happiness to day; r	one minute he is hoping he would
Jr sc, ClisudlMre, ,ot come, the next he is upbraiding him______-	rival I True a sudden change has
„ i -------------oVer his superior officer, but it is very
fffIS (AU'Off.	likely that he would lutvo attended the
's^niTr-"'K*n,1,on toll, and having met Lady Itan-4 HOr K & €©r,	card there, he might have accepted an in
jpNa HTVrioNEHs. ttpoKHEL- citarion to dine at Ranvard Hall ; and he °f	come to the ball to night if
4M m ’	—-------------— '	thwe never was such a being as Dolores
wO. iff Wra» ¦» 11» m TT«11 Aan*- Ho did not pay her as much at-awLwdl Wël5	tention as he did many otlivr young ladies
at the garrison ball. True, Sir Percival caught him singing for her last night; but what if he did I It was a hitter little verae in tune with the colonel’s nature and it does not follow that a man must be in love with every woman before whom he dashes off a verse of song. No, if there is any falling in love it is not on the colonel* side ; and as Sir Percival arrives at this conclusion a hand is laid on his shoulder. He looks up. as he docs his eyes FKMBBoex. happen to fall on Dolores Vane away a-croea the lawn, standing near the portico entrance. It ia the first time he has seen her alone to-day, but he cannot go to her; the hand that has fallen upon his shoulder detain» him. Colonel Grey is beside him and Sir Percival frowns -and who blame him under the circumstances ? Not the colonel ; there is a twinkle in his eye, and he thinks it is enough to make a saint swear.
“ Major, you do not look as if you were delighted to sec—I was going to say me ; instead 1 will say, all these people here enjoying themselves. "
11 Then, colonel, 1 ant ashamed of my looks," savi Sir Percival looking up and meeting the colonel',keen eye. “ f suppose I might as we't confess that I am a little out of sorts to day, for it seems you see it."
“ Major, I always thought you brave man."
> “And I hope you always will think so,” says Sifl Percival.
“Major,"—and Colonel Grey's hand once more falls upon the young man's shoulder, while his glance darts the lawn and is fixed on Dolores, as he says :
“ Ho either feats his fate too much,
Or his deserts arc small,
Who fears to put it to the touch,
To win or lose it all.
Sir Percival * fair face ia flooded with red. He laughs and stammers out that he does not understand the colonel,whereupon that gentleman says carelessly ;
“Oh, I beg your pardon, major. Thinking I understood your malady, r prescribed for it as best I knew how ; but I cannot be right, as you have no idea of what I was talking about. If you are feeling a little out of sorts, I have no doubt
you prefer to be alone, I always do-”
“ No, no, colonel---”
“ Now, in about me.
ork In * superior maimer.
Ofllca, ou MHl^Sieoft.jUpyoeiU; the Forest House
H. T. NMI1H. S*
sr.-tr
ground» ’
J. A. OOWAN.
ar
' rrotXh
l Cards.
Ü
I 1'. «ilOUWIJJ. IKkISh 1> MEDICINE, from fl e I-evsl llîàgttlt), hé» mdubllshwl hfmwlf In Chaînait villagc^lpry aUàwiimv will lw> given to
I'll! If Ills mIm.
BAUSAUÉ^fciotâry Public, ha* returned from • Mi'iitrewnB ha* oncned en oilier In Hryeon, v. licru lie will be fofc'l et all hours.
him. He hue taken hut a few Sir Percival cime» out of th against him with a rush.
“Oh, is th* you, “ ' run against you '
“Are youfi'" try it with ¦“ the cok
itr*
-oily oehind oms when .u window and
xtey 1 I'm glad I've
.¦deed 7 Well, please don't such a vengeance again," says mel, laughing.
Colonel, f have proposed, and have ueen rejected.”
“ Major, you don’t mean it I" mays the colonel, as if the news surprised him.
"I mean what i Vane has refused me.
“Refused Sir Percival Barnard, of Iian-vard Hall ! By heavens, Dolores Vane is a girl in a thousand," says the colonel, as if talking to himself ; then, addressing himself to Sir Percival, ho says, “I woulc venture to wager Sir Percival, that there is not another young lady, whose hand is free, in the ball-room, that would refuse you. Has she given you no hope, major ?"
“No hope,” says Sir Percival, drearily. Her heart lias already gone out to another, and she can never look but as a friend.”
“Ah, little the girl dreams what she is giving up-----”
“Colonel," earnestly interrupts Sir Percival, “if you were the man she is in love with-----”
“Upon my faith 1 wish I was the man, ” interrupt* the colonel, in a voice as earnest as Sir Percival s. “It is not every day that a man meets a girl that will refuse a Sir Percival Barnard !"
“Good-bye, colonel, I’m going abroad to-morrow; perhaps I won’t see you again. Don’t breathe a word of tins to my ther. I promised her that I would I feel here”—and the young nobleman placed his hand over hi* heart—“as if I nover would get over this; but oh, colonel, she is an angel if over there was one. She spoke to me so nicely ! She said that I must live this down. ”
“And I trust you will, major," says the colonel, as he wrings the hand the young man gives him.
had occasion
<
('
un*
U A. MACKA Y, B.C.L.. Notary PuWir. Porta* du Oe Fort, will vhdt Nhaurille every second «ntl I• Mirth Thursday of the mouth.
man.
came
Vf J. GORMAN. I.WL, Bwri»Wrat law, Suttut-i'li tor of the'Supreme Court, Conveyancer, Ac.
V
OFFICE—Over the Post Office,
Ontario.
I'KMimuar	,
UT Muncy to l»oan on Hwnl Eetatr.
on
.d me u ih the -a® tc come ,<e	' f **¦!' “ Bul
m ¦rtirjz*""
âeanng Sir Percival to won-aose laat words of his could
y, colonel. Dolores
S.t
1 \K. E. H. ROULEAU - Physician, burgeon, and \.f Accoucheur.
Omet-Cobb Wtre.il. Hr) sun.
u E. SHEPHERD, M. D„ Graduate Victoria lit College, Toronto ; M. C. P. F., Nova Stotia, <md M. C. H. S., Quebec. Pises»** of Women iind Children specially treated. 00**, Portaged u-Port.
walks
mean.
“Iw oppo'
EU. E. JOSEPHS. M U-.C M., Pumbn.kr, Ont, \JT (Aiu'ueithor to Dr Iaflerty), Graduate uf Met fill University. Montreal, Member of t'.ie College of Physician* and burgeons, Ontario.
Oflce—First door east of the Observer Oiflte, he cau be found at nil bourn.
'Pb'pose to her at the very first .turtty," toys sir Percival to him-» •» "e »'»rts for Dolores, who is still stove,hut before he is half way across the .s J*wn "O sues Colonel Grey approaching her from another direction.
Sir Percival pauses with s fooling of disappointment. It is but momentary, however, for Colonel Grey just simply raises his hat and passes on. But avail he is doomed to disappointment. When colonel Grey passes her, Miss Vane runs lightly up the steps of the portico entrance and disappears within the vast hall. A few minutes after Sir Percivai is wandering through eveiy room in the house that is open to a guest, but Miss Vane is nowhere to be
While Sir Percival searches for her Dolores is in her own room feeling anything but liappy. All day she has tried to keep out of Sir Percivals way, but it was not because she saw him coining that she hurried into the house : indeed she had no idea that Sir Percival was coming towards her. That moment her heart and mind were filled completely with another, and that other was the man who coolly passed her by. When was her mind not fillod with Colonel Grey from the first time saw him \ How lier heart bounded as she saw him coming toward her. Her face must have betrayed the feelings of her
heart, and then for him to pass her by	clai oe duvane explains.
without a word. Could it be possible that Colonel Grey is sorry for the major; ho was never going to caro anything more would he be glad if Sir Percival, inatead tor her . If she counted her acquaintance of going away miserable, liad been made with him by years instead of days she happy 1>y Miss Vane ! He watches Hit could not love him any more deeply or Percival, who is abiding away toward truly than sho does at present.	town, until he disappears, then turning
HSE5
Colonel Grey ia an attractive man in the air' andColonel Gray takes up a position eyes of any woman, and to a young girl to watch tho cotillion. Ho happens to sympathetic and innocent as Dolores, ho **?!,	'•PP™*10 .the conservatory, and
is charming, he ia sure She is a man who whl 0 t lc (lance ie >n progress Mias Vane has seen trouble and the heart that has its comeB out' and aeata herself on a tete-a-ownsecret sorrow is ever ready with its Jete î1.®81' tho duor- “ 8,10 slowly fane sympathy.	herself, appears to the ordinary observer
She grieves over his bitterness, she pit- a quiet looker-on. But Colonel Grey is ies his sadness and his flashes of humor S,0 ordlnat7 observer on this occasion, fill her with delight. In hissed moment °e sees that Miss \ ane has no interest in he lias shown her his heart, and a good Î10 dance [ he sees that the glow has left true heart she knows it is. Tho bravo sol- j ‘““t her eyes are unusually sad, dier is indeed her first true love, and her î,nd "cr . P* <lu,'’or- Why is Colonel only love until deatli	*o	Gr«y an interested observer 1 Perluua
Is it any wonder that she is up here, in he regards the girl that could refuse the her own room, grieving because he has on- , w ,. a™ p°«itioii, not count in ly noticed her.	the nian himself—young, handsome,
If she could only control her feelings *allant’ f,,r tho ?olu,iel hnew that in matlike the women she saw around her, but f®'» iu*tnmonml nowadays that the no, when she was near him, her eyes and “ ,	.l, uccount" perliapg he regatds
her checks and her lips tohl the story that T ' *	naturul euno.ity ; surely
•he wished to keep sacred in her own ,.re mU8t “ 8°1n?e u‘"tlvo for the coinheart. She will nod go to the ball to- !lel 8 interest. Ho waits until the dance night-ah, but she knows she cannot keep u ovflf’ n'akea J“8 wa>" “"ws the away. He will speak to her to-night, she to ^Il8“ ,V,aUfa’ koeP‘"8 kla cy will feel the touch of his hand in the her face tho while He is but half way dance. Indeed she cannot keep away she iicur08* , rool,n, wllc” liel" ,eye meets lm-knows that there is too much bliss in store ?“? ,ttu.lë !l8lb,Iy; rh" color C0“lE8 took for her	to llEr «heek, gladness shines in her eyes,
Sir Percival watches for Dolores to en- a,ld lll,!re 18 • *niU,° welcome on her ter the ball room that night, he is bound T' .,U1l>oe th« Lionel any longer doubt that no one will be ahead of him in asking "to that somebody is for whom she has her hand for the first dance. There is not upSl1 1 ®rclval Banvatd ? a young lady of any distinction that does Thore 18 ,a ?J0W °n tbti Cl,*°nel “ not long to open the ball with Sir Percival ?	, new 1",U8 t,yu,al> ho «nulmgly
for to night, not a lord in the country is be!YI1' over M“" ' “le,and.	„
as great a lord aa he. ’	. 1 i0e you are not dancing. Miss Vane,
s a ÉF «
Miss \ ane, says Sir Percival, much to have the first dance with Mils Vane. " to Dolores' surprise and pain, when the dance is over, 1 see that there is nobody in the conservatory; will you walk in with me ? I have something to say to you, sometliing I must say to you, Miss Vane.
I cannot put it off,” he says in a trembling voice, as Dolores hesitates in her walk.
There is somebody in the conseavatory that Sir Percival has not seen. It is colonel Grey. From the cool flowery retreat he has been watching the dance. He Sir Percival leading nia partner towards the conservatory, and it flashes upon him that the young nobleman means not to lose the opportunity to ask the young American to bo his wife. The colonels heart beats a trifle faster ; lie step# behind a marble basin, but the action makes his face turn a dark red, and hurriedly stepping forward again, ho says to himself:
set'
when
P. RONEY, L. L. II.. Aororcrr. IP mi um », V/# Solicitor, &c. OlArc anil Resldeuc-u, Port* *o-ilu-Kort, P. Q. Attend» all Courte In County a nd Superior Court at Aylmer.
eiy-
upon me
-every-A he wil-oloroa Vane utterly mis-.«Inks, keeps him he could only be jo happier. He does -<e is avoiding him. A .tftppv he would liave been -* his colonel would participate but to know that lus colonel
T J. 81. JULIEN, Advocate, BannurTEB. he. fcc., tl # for the Province» of Qiirtn; and Ontario,. a Commissioner for Inking AlHdtvIte for Ontario. tMBce and rraldenvv, rmtega-du-FoiL N. R. Will follow all the Court» of tin- Dis otvt of Ottawa.
i
Hotels.
rnHK F0KE8T ÜOUSI&--II. McC. K vtCHIE, Pit»-
1 pHetur. Siwriou* bampk Roomr Every *tten-
tiuu pei'l to guests. First Clawt ' .Cm,., Clioice Liquors in the Ucr.
Akit;
MN'II.
/^CClDENTaXL HOUSE, IK V OtUws, LEONARD LINF* Good niToi nmndst ion for th-beet dollAr s dny.bnuflo in th
mo-
liot.
as a come
Busin
l III nut Snuien to Voui;„ '.;vli<
JAUE
XiANIFACTV M Ivm. Ho. the Ottawa A»
at nit-s-
t
y
CHAPTER VI.
•1
• .I'm
«gia Watchew,
Swiss Watches, Diamond*.
larp!'1 ,nd tou“’" e|i'8‘"l »to. k in thr Ottawa
w. J.itJouo:
MAIN STREET,
.

I
conscrva-
oin
.
ili|i**l i.s
Pembroke
MARBLE WORKS.
I'or un instant she thinks ,h.o is going to faint, hut as (Colonel Urey disappears she grows indignant and des|>er»te.
“ Sir 1 have simply stepped out litre to night to toll you that I overboard Maud Linden giving you tho history of my birth the day of the picnic on tho island, and if you believe it----”
‘, If I believe it I" Surely, lXiluroa,
you can have no doubts------”
“I did not come out here to argue the question with you, sir," she tries, interrupting him in a scornful voice. I was about to say that, if you liel.eve what Maud Linden told you, wly-, make il man known to Lady Barn ard, to the world, as soon as you please. Mr. Duvane, f hope I have spoken to ywi for tho last time."
Mr, Duvane did not ox poet this ; he is just a triflu taken I nick, but recovering himself lie detains Dolores, who is turn e on ing away.
“Not so fast, Miss \ one; 1 have good reason to know that the story Miss Linden told me is true."
“Very well, then, circulate it as you please."
“Dolores, I don't wish to circulate it.
Let me tell you why 1 left America so abruptly as 1 did.”
“1 have no desire to hear why you left America. I believe," said Dolores, tically, “that Mias Linden explained y _
departure to me once. You had t« settle “ G«l,forbid that 1 should think badly your affairs in Eurotie preparatory to your you, Miss Vane ; “ and gently takin marriage with her.	‘ her hands from her face ho holds then
“Ha, ha, ha 1 Ton my word, Dolores,
I never could raise tho necessary tin since to get buck to America ; but for that I might now be the husband of the wealthy Maud Linden. The jioor girl was deep in love with me from the first, but you my game, Dolores.”	•
“Sir !"
“Of the two, you were the weal tier,” says Mr. Duvane, unheeding the interriqr-tion, “and it was the chink I «as looking for; but when the fair Maud told me the story of your birth, I had to give up all idea of you, for you know- a man cannot think of such a thing as marryiny hit titter. ”
He pauses, smiles, and scrutinizes Dolores' face.
"I do not understand you," she says, in a voice that she tries to steady.
“It is easily enough explained, my charming Dolores. When Mend Linden told mo that story, 1 knew that 1 had been making love to mv sister.”
“Your sister !" cries Dolores, with dilating eyes.
“Exactly. This is what I meant when I wrote you that I wished to talk on family matters. You are my sister, Dolores
ran
raises her eyes to his. As he sees the ex iression of her fare,involuntary his hand, ire extended toward her and it is with n mighty etfi.it tint lie draws them bark to his side.
“Colonel Grey," she says in a choking voice. “ what can you think of me ?"
“Miss Vane, I have no right to judge you. “ When did Colonel Grey's voice tremble before s]ieakingto a woman? ‘You have met that man before, perhaps, in America, where very likely he was undei 'also colors. You have quarreled with him. For God’s sake Miss Vane let it be a life long quarrel. Claud Duvane is a had man. It is liard to convince a woman in love----"
“Colonel Grey,"—and Dolores riser and draws herself up to her full height— " sfs'ak plainly. Do you think I am in love with that man !"

lufenollio l>»t>Uc tint lie
Marble Monuments and Headstones.

jKBseaz:KwtK#a "
JOHN B. BEAL.
s
am
'*7-0
‘Say,’ said a city youth to » modest countryman, “got the hay seed out of your hair yet V' “Wall." was the de ’iberate reply, “1 jedge not, from tho way the calves run after me.”
A mother may call ‘Johnnie, it's time to get up,’ for three hours without making my impression, but when tho old man steps to the foot of tho stairs and shouts •John !’ Johnnie takes his breakfast with the rest of the family.
A fond mother hearing that an earth-prake was
R. BRUCE CRAY,
wore a
WHOLESALE & RETAIL
CHEMIST $ DRUGGIST
Pembroke and Ma Hawn.
“ What else could I think, Miss Vane?" says tho colonel in surprise, joy lighting up his handsome face, at the sight of he honest indignation. “God only know, how thankful 1 will be to learn from you: lips that it is not he says earnestly.
across
as soon
Order» from Ore County of Pontiac attended to \c#h care, and despatch.
‘'iiUfiW sent her toy» to the W&kfYF iscapf it. After a few days e retried a note from the friend, u\ z: “F<* goodness sake, take your boys away, and send along the earthquake instead.
Ah, my friend how could you tliink so badly of me ?" and sinking on the bench once more she covens her face with hei hands once more.
¦y
,ho
Correspondence solicited,
PemhroLw, June gj( ip y Î
tag
sarcaa-
\
"in
A Chicago man baa had a lost tooth replaced by one transplanted from the nouth of a young girl, and now at a party, when the rest of his mouth is watering ‘or salmon, salad, and quail on toast, that tooth aches for ice-cream and frozen pudding.
Cows will now require attention. N o ‘ember and October butter and cheese arc die best of the season. When the pastures all off, some other food should lie given to them. Fodder com should be grown for this season. Turnips are also good, and should lie fed either before or im mediately after .milking, or they will flavor tho tni-k.
I. J. SOMME
between his palms. “ I have heart! hin speak of being in America,and the societv he moved in while there. I know that hi spike the truth, Americans are easily duped by foreigners. It was natural foi for mu to sumioeo that you had met, war it not ?"
“ Yes, Colonel Grey, your supjmsition is correct. I met that man in America, where he learned some thing of my jwr ents of which he thinks he can make capital."
“ All,” says tho colonel, “ I always said he was that kind of a man, a black mailer. I never liked him, I believe I hate him now says the colonel beneath his set teeth. “ Hie presence always awoke disagreeable recollections in mv
mind.	”
“ Yes, he has become possessed of what he thinks is a family sacret ; but I would not, if it were to save this little life of
mine,	be in that man's power, so I told him to-night that he can tell what he knows to the world. Colonel Grey, I am not accountable for the sins of my parents.
I believe in one standing on their own reputation, not on their ancestors. Claude Duvane liaa told me that he is a relative of mine, but Colonel Grey, if you hear it, do not believe it. I told him when he said it that he lied. Yes, he lied infamously—the same blood could not run in that man's veins and mine."
>
RENFREW Mar.t*t,e

iy hoy don't trouble yourself I’ll enjoy myself. I'll go over and talk to Miss Vane. I see that she is not surrounded. The fact is major, I spike to you as I did because she was alone, and I thought It was a good chance for you to put it to the touch to lose all. It may not present itself again in twenty-four hours, and what may happen in less time ! My max urn is, major, when a man is in love, and is pretty that lovo is reciprocated, or that he thinks his seeking will win a true heart, he should never let the golden born slip by ; it seldom comes twice in a lifetime. ’
With this bit of advice, the colonel is
—-sLND—
GRANITE WORKS.
The expression 6f the colonel’s fare and eves, as, looking down at her. he utters those wools, fill her heart with joy, but her ecstatic feeling is but momentary. Colonel Grey reminds her it is near mid-Vlaudc Duvane is waiting in the woods for her. This dread interview haunted her all day, but Sir Percival’s sudden proposal and the sorrow it caused her chaaed all thought of it from her mind until the colonel says it is near midnight.
Colonel Gray sees that Miss Vine is much'diaturbed. It the offended at his words ? Ho feels his heart sinking as Miss Vane says:
“Thank you. colonel, but you must excuse me me for putting you off a few dances." The dancing card that Misa Vane is studying trembles in her fingers. “The Caledonian is the fourth dance——"
win or
‘Don't you believe in the virtue of
prayer, sir ?’
‘Not in the business way of Wabash -no sir. If you are thinking of buying stocks, sir, be ready with your margins, look out for roorbacks, watcll the tickers, and hire some cheap man to do all the nraying away back in some cheap town. Don’t give him over 75 cents p>r day, and make up your mind at the start that i its money thrown away."—Wall Street News.
A young loan in a won turn city went to ¦park hit girl one cold night. He rule hit father's horse to the residence of the girl, slid left the horse standing outdoors without any blanket. A knock was hcanl at tile door about eleven o’clock, and tl r young lady liastuned to admit the oallc, who proved to ho no loss the young man* father.
‘go home ouickct’n light idiot that don't know better tl old Jiiu out such a night as this. lmin t got enoujli brains to spark a oVrl.1 John eloped double quick, and thc/(oitng lady wits brought to by her frieira
night, and
sure
MANlFACTUKEtt OF

Renfrew Granite and White Marble
moving away, but Sir. Percival’s hand grope liint, and Sir Percival'» voice cries impulsively :
“ Colonel, don't go. You understand the cause of my unliappinoes. I am not a coward ; but----”
“ But what," says the colonel in an encouraging tone.
“ I have known her for such a short time."
“ How short ? "
‘ A fortnight. '
“Let mo see," «ays the colonel, meditatively. “I know Miss Vane but three days and I would not be afraid to propose to her to night.”
“Colonel 1 Says Sir Percival with a face of blank amusement.
“ Understand me major. " says the col-
MONUMENTS,
HEAD-STONES,
“Wretch ! how dare you stand there and tell me such an infamous lie V' cnee Dolores, a nameless dread creeping over her.
“Certainly that will do if Mies Vane is engaged for the intervening dances," interrupts the colonel.
She raises her troubled black eyes He tnee to look unconcerned,and nano truthfully to his face. “I do not intend ten out of the conservatory. At the door to dance until tho < Caledonian is on the he meets Sir Percival and Mise Vane face floor, but I have another engagement that to f*co-	may fill the intervening time. With your
“ Good evening, Mias Vane," is all lie permission I will fo new, colonel.” utters, as he peases on : but hw brilliant How strangely she acted, the colonel
TABLETS,
“ I have never listened to anything that waa not intended for my ears. I will not do it now.”
“Easy, my dear sis, easy ! You are ”‘1 believe you Mies Vane. Oh, if you Madamo Duvane'» daughters I am her , would git's me the right to speak to that son. The only difference between us is, I | man '	him for daring to speak to
am legitimate, you are not. I am thr and '	-	-¦ ~ "
of her first husband, you are thwnd rein- | lug ter of the third, who I hrvt-cA their fop off have you, was no bust	1 t
“Kverv word of w,
ft |M!inoii,ige thr.11
CVRBINO-POSTS,
¦MU li
Ï
¦ 1
and Radii
1 °f *tze8 aud
B^.„».,;r,j80MeRviLLR
y kind friend you must not Perhaps he will never \ I am going hack to \ and he knows noth-

Anew
»
1
Jk



1
f*

L -	'

>. p
lr a
T
à
» \ <
)
if \
i
• ' K
¦Pi
r

i
(
Æ 4

i V

dr-


i.
###PAGE###2###
THE EQUITY: THURSDAY SEPTEMBER SO, 1888.
Hr
ANNUAL
the successful building of the road. Il» I a Canadian. 1 believe I am even more | intention waairll right as foras the pockets H'anadian than seine of the Canadians | of il» mendiera were concerned had tlie I theuiselvea. I ascribe it to the very simple contractor succeeded in eurryiiui out hi» | vanee that 1 hare seen perhaps more ol contract. By the contract the Company your country than have very many among»!
to isiekVt #2,000 a mile besides the you. I know what your great i«wac»»ions county lumas Nmv this was acting on are. and to what a magnificent heritage the ponnv w ise-and |H>uml fmdisli prim i- you have fallen hoir». 1 know that great pie, because if it had contented itself with forest world out of which the older pro the profit of #2.000 n mile, and have given rinces have been carved
the county 1.us to the contractor this the great central region of glorious prairie
might have enabled the latter to make his land from which shall lie carried in the financial arrangements and have carried future promises as glorious, or yet the work to successful completion. No glorious than those of which we now protid-hlanie can h« attached, I think, to Mr. ly boast 1 know ala .that vast country he-Armstrng, ho is ho hampered in him con- yond the Rooky Mountains, that \vona-tract, and it is morally im|s>ssihle for him h-na region sometimes clothed in gloomy
to do the work, as specified in his contract, forest, ..climes smiling beneath the sun
for the prices therein mentioned. The in pastoral beauty of valley and upland, county should not lie humbugged an v longer or sometimes shadowed by VIpine gorges in this all important matter. Hon. Mr. ami mighty mountain peaks the territory Church and his Coin jelly have had ample of llritisli Columhm. And in each and all time to show some signs of success and un of these three wide sections of your great less they either go on at once with the country. 1 know that you have posses work, it liehooves not only the represen sions which must make you in time one tativea of the county but every individual if the foremost among the nations, not rateisiyer in it to hack them lip in insist only of this continent, hut of the world, ing main getting the charter at once t. (Cheers.) It is because I have seen so enable another company to form that will much of you and your teintonoa that take hold of the thing'in a business like mi so enthusiastîe in your behalf, and a company composed of iu.»mbeit that the wish of my lit shall he the desire who are not afraid to s;a,nd some of tlieii to further your interests; and 1 pray the own money, and men who enjoy the con- Clod who has granted to you tins great lidenoe of all the monetary institutions <V country that He may in His own good
¦Si*
, . . vvl	The cost of transporting a bushel of wheat	t'ERI&O.	genius in trying to blame Mr. Bryson and taking him by the hand said; “You must I
Eisslj U
Alan, Ui ... uanndownv, the Maquis of ' We * alao obtain f!x,m these figures a	a financial journal, says :	want to J «friend the county nml nchmu )ishop Lvneli made a îauahinu ro|Jy. and | £ g f:
l.oi ucB successor in the Governor-Gone , forecast of the future of the minimise for* -‘The Imdi credit to-day enjoyed by the they should join every man woman am ,Mldre88v<) a few words to hn Royal High- k x J «
j tile expanse of our own North-West, d,	Treat a contmt to the.tate child of the community n.iel,,,,, compel p,:„(,, Ccoiye. Tlx An.--B.rjd-
>1118 P
.
ySTiSSfeSl 2t B&2	» 7 r*« •"* r '	'
lived with admiration his moderation and organization shall go into operation on the conscientious adherence to the principles first Wednesday in July, 1*884. w hich have so long been held by his fam-
That, notwithstanding thu strong lan*
THE EQUITY.
to «tu average of 861,342. The
lings in 188t were 8r06.V9CIJ.il, giving gutinge used by Ruine jlismaixk an to the
Western gmup shows nil increased mile and his muster ut ill pa\ some attention to age for the year from 56,025 to 05,078, or Hie publie voice and do not venture to ‘•lit*tho folio* ill» 'Minficviit j-aru 1 8.IM miles; about three times the entire ovorr„|e wi|| t)u, popular liberties and
I "i'tnu', 1» m the civ. I he Object ,.t In.- , incmM „f *3110.401,0(12 x isit is in connection w ith a Federal sub eumin
ism earn
HARVEST HOME,
was
THE ro \ TlAi' KAUlViY.
I
I know that
I2V
Tint net f,„ (]IM tliscuttsiiHI of the N|uuiish com-i for 1888 !
Him per
¦ST'æCO^tlWKS.
more
lies of the western go ml #152,343.853, or about 4
The tlettty in question
nivv« ial treaty was voneliulvd mi the 12th of July and the
hitlv to tile Pontiac Ptwifiv Railway, a |wi
tin» "I	which read lias already	hern,	cm	-	w“.t -	« . ,V01>'	,f,lir , ,howi',« ,wl,"n
,	,	.	. ,	I	.	it IS considered that the coat of over
pl.re ,	netse.'ii Ay,met	and	the	Qtliu.	8|000 mile. of now	line is included, much
Mi.	Hi,son has takeu a	debp interest it,	|	of whiuh prolwhly	is ill imi-vifeet comli-
piiiiiuiting this enterprise, and it is under- tien for earning revenue.
SI.» 1 the Government vveogimc the claim ' Tiiese enormous figures from which
for aid. When completed it will form a !,ntm,^and',m%reus grewth of \. \ inv,o.tant link forvurtramtcontiiivn 1 tin* Western States ami Territories, and t.d highway, on the north
x\ ere
Government lue I not » nited for the approbation "I the Heirhstag I» fore enforcing But the Sortit (termini
Thv annunl 1 Itu vcst Home under the atHpicen <>! the English Church will bo held nl
its prux ihiiuiH.
(incite piutvhtt tl against such n violation of the constitution ami complained that
GREEK
the executive had vxvvvedvil its rights in
COLE’S
undertaking to change the tariff before the treaty had been ratified
g„ a ,»uh;v ....... ......... .... .	t,mt 11,1	611 iet WM
Fijeot of attack by Grit authorities, itwin-,I summoning t!.<¦ Reichstag to meet
,ni the 23th ult. The question of the nonliving, misrepresenting ,n decrying. .	m,iv t,m„ght before
It also goes far to illustrate the power and progress of a country whose fiscal system,
condemned and scouted by the Cart | considered and passed they were pro , wrights, Mackenzies, Makes. Mills, and | ix»gued. In France, it was not at first tllv w,,rk	W «pevilily pushed on to , thvir confreres anil followers, has V1,u°a I lvvllliHt 1)068ible that Parlement could he
lisjsS—...................................... ", -............-V" TTj
while according to the contention of those business and, as the article m the Aof m inconsistent worthies it offers rewards to I Qt	_
Jubor that attract our |H>piihvtion, who arc ; ^ |wvntlv ma.tv „ good dual of stir, all
i sorts of surmises wore indulged in »» to
ta
shore of the , of thu wealth which tlieirxlovelopmvnl is
......................................................................................-
V. !!. Mackintosh, M.P., Mr. Peter M lute. M l* . Mr. U. McLean, Warden Otî.iwa C uuty, and the ilirectors of the uulw iv will wait «ni meinIhi-s of the Gov x'Mih'f it to further press the claim, so that
Vhe conse-
l t « w a
xv as
itc bu
and one which they are never weary of de-
OW—
Saturday, Sep:ember 29th, 1883.
it had been
the House* mid. after
maimer
10 a.m. 12.30.
Divine Service at Dinner at
Divine Sen ice will be comiu ted by lu v.-. V.. 1I.Nayi.ou.
a .il others.
B.A., W. P. Chambkus, B.A., R. A
ON
W. 3. Pvup'ro Ssq., M.3P.P., Eiyecn, Bsq. M.P., and Drs, •« abovry ar.ï Ly: il vr. aiflo be present.
frrn*'*.i I*>
WHiNiftW OBCMS JULbâlSS.
Mm
F||
>fi ï
a * g 4
I a i


ntlihi|>
? r

###
?
%
r.
'

U
i
S
ïi
liUlV.

IV l
JKWSiKSc

d
a
m
êSÊM
ADDRESS,
DOMINION ORGAN AND PIANO 00.,
BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,CANADA.
V'T

} ?! ?
k
-

R F <
Mi
% i
j
< J
1 =§
?» f IP s
1
:
j. i
AT K1NUST0N.
His Excellency, the Princess and Prince George met » Itli n light loyal welcome in i he Lillies tone City. An immense crowd if citizens awaited their arrival, and when they made their appearance they were I greeted with repeated rounds of cheers. An address of welcome w as presented to which His Excellency replied in appropriate terms. They dined at the Military I College in the evening, slept on their j ,peril I ear all night and proceeded by j ,0:3 toOuobec in the morning.
Tlic reception of the Governor-General, the Prince** Louise and Prince George ii The following resolution* were passed Toronto was very enthusiastic. The ley at the meetimi of County Council held last ally of the people was demonstrated In
j their enthusiasm, iiotwithstiuidm;' tin heavy down-]X)iu* of min.
I\ TUE QVBKN S *'AKK.
-
X
'


Wednesday the 12th instant “Moved by Mayor Poupore, secondedI by Mayor Bell, that as almost two years ,iave elapsed since the (,'uelivc Government maranteeil the interest on the bonds of the Pontiac Pacific Railway Company, and.
Westward the course of the empire No sooner has a town
l
takes its way." site h-en decided upon and a few settlers have located, than a newspaper makes its The latest addition to the
The newspaper cuuard respecting tlic abduction of the President of the United States lias at least produced one good thing in the sliupe of an article in the Mail on the American Constitution as follows :
The ijaturdtiy Rerieic of the 11th inst., in reviewing a handy work on the State and Federal Governments of the United States, observes that Englishmen know very little of American institutions. It is clear that some Canadians are equally in the dark about them. In a local journal recently we noticed an example of stolid The astonishing statement was made that if President Arthur were kidnapped, the people could elect anothei President. They could do nothing of tin kind. No popular election, either of Pro aident or Vice-President, can take place except on the tint Tuesday in Novembei of every fourth year.
It is quite likely that the writer was misled by a phrase in sub-section ti in ar tide II. of the constitution; but, all the same, it is beyond dispute that no President can he elected until November, 1884. And this leads us to notice the inelasticity of the American constitution. If a mon arch dies or becomes incapable, there can be no doubt about his successor. If a Governor-General be suddenly cut off, ar Lord Sydenham, and the Duke of Rich moud before him, were, there can be no liitch. Still less now when we have a deputy, and the Colonial Officer can by cable appoint a successor at any time.
It is far different in the United States Congress, under the clause cited, name the President of the Senate as the sue cesser of both the chief officers. Now, i Guiteau or any other assassin had killed Mr. Arthur as well as Mr. Garfield, then could have liven no need of the American Government until December. All executive business would have been at a stand Mill Congress could not meet in special . ssion, because there would havelieen no competent authority to summon it. In fact, had both officers perished on the same day there would have been no head of the American Government from the I beginning of July until the beginning of December
whatever they term themselves, think that a felicitous system, we do not envy their intelligence.
The Mail says when the party reached the platform in the Queen’s Park, when a farewell address was presented, they found themselves facing ulsuit threi
¦¦
ciety sang a verse from the National Anthem, after which His Worship the Mayoi read the address.
THE llOVERNOR-tiENERALHHIF.
In the course of his reply His Excellency said: I have the honour again to thank you for a loyal and affectionate address, conveying your reverence and love to the Queen. Already several of hei children have visited Canada; on this occasion you have been welcoming, kindly and cordially, a grandson of her Majesty.
(Cheers.) On all occasions on which the members of the Queen's family have visit-in making this motion 1 want to he per- t>(| ^jlt, country they have met with a wel-fectly understood. 1 do not make it with c„mc which tells that you are determined any intention or desire to in any way cm- maintain the Empire in which Canada barraas the Company, quite the contrniy; occupies so large a place. 1 thank you,
I want to help it, and 1 will show you how sjr fnr what you have stated with regard I am helping it by this motion. « ill it nly term of office. You have had the not inspire outsiders with the belief that g,KHi fortune to enjoy five years of pros he scheme is a good one when they see j)urjty and progress. I would, if you will that other gentlemen of means aru willing - allow me, take the words you have ad-to form themselves into a company, hind-1	to mc 11S out in any sense convey-
ing themselves to pay off all monies tic- jla, ., personal compliment, hut as ex-
tually expended on the work to date, on 1 pti-vsing your appreciation of the value of At Fort Coulonge on the rooming of the their receiving the charter in.return from j yto office I have had the honour to hold I	ltith September, Flora Marion Dry
the present Company. This l am certain for five years, and your wish to maintain	non,second daughter of George Brysoi
must ho quite clear. It is quite evident dignity. I confess that I am not so	jr., aged five years throe months and
that the Company is unequal to the under- i ,]csirous of any personal popularity, but I	twenty-seven days,
taking, else why has ii allowed so much | am j„aloiis of the position of the Governor. g;ncc ;t plca5cd the Lord to lay hi.
been assorted, tlrat the Company tsmeeting n,]e 0r what its functions are. They who to Himself one of then dear little ones, we with tremendous opposition from the Syn- would dis|>anige you hv telling you that it trust it w ill make them to know that God dicate, which disables it from making the ja (1j „0 influence would be the first to cry necessary financial negotiations by w hich |lllt %gainst its pow ers, and they would tie to build the road. Now this argument right to do so should they he used in ox-must fall to the ground, beci use a fA’in-j CBW 0f constitutional privileges. It is he formed, inside of a week,
r
appea ranee, liât is the Calgary HernUi.



AT <ji i£ beV.
Tile parly arrived safely at Quebec on Sunday morning, where they t**ok up their quarteis al the citadel.
BUSTS ESS IS T1IE SOUTHWEST.
» *
¦
The Winn peg Times publishes rei>urts of extended enquires among the business of that city respecting the state ol
Eaten Alive.
Cheboygan, Mich., 15. -Frank Devereux, homesteader, Iwd a light with a hear near here, and both were killed. Dever-eux’s body was found in a sitting position braced against a log, where ho evidently placed himself after the contest. Hisshle, cheek and legs were gnawed nearly to the bone. One of his shoulders was dislocated, his eye gouged out, and his stomach almost torn open. The bear had been shot through the shoulder, and aggravated by tlie wound a terrible struggle ensued. The ground was tom up for twenty foot about the spot. Prints of the Wars teeth and bundles of hair were found on Devereux s gun.
<"h
men
trade in the Northwest, from which it ap-
GREAT STOCK OF .
that the present position is by no
nears
means so gliiomy as some people would have us believe, and that the outlook is
ignorance.
DRY GOOD'S
full of hope. That such a collapse of business as occurred last spring must «oonei or later have taken place w as apparent. High rents, a plethora of stocks, dear money, speculation in real estate, sive competition, and lack of capital by traders could have only one result. But while 'he failures of the past summer have entailed loss upon merchants and manufactories in the East, the outcome is of
mg so doing anything.
Be it resolved that this Council most ¦espectfully ask the Coniisinj; to either go m themselves immediately with the work or accept all tho disbursements now made by them from, and hand over their charter to, a company that are now ready to undertake and build the road within a period of two years.
In moving the above resolution, Mr. Poupore addressed the County Council as follows:—
Mr. Warden and Gentlemen:
execs
—AN I)
î* ‘ I Hr ,

GROCERIES,
BORN.
advantage to the Northwest.
mormons
The avenues of trade will no longer la
At Chicago, 111., on the 24th ult. the wife of Mr. John Corcoran of a son.
At Bryson, on the 18th lust., the wife of Mr. John Rac of a son.
tiled up with incompetent and inexperienced men, who, failing in business in the older provinces, crowded into the i ortInvest iu the expectation of reaping j sudden wealth, credit will be dispensed to .dventurcra w ith a niggardly hand, while legitimate traders will be able to proe-re i reasonable amount of accomodation at .he banks at fair rates of interest, and consumers whose interest is of the high ,st consideration, will obtain their goods it low prices compared with those which inordinately high rents and rates of interest have previously compelled them to The business of the Northwest is
MARRIED.
At E. B. D. Lafleiirjs Store all to be sold out to make room for New Stock •
At the manic, Pembroke, on Wednesday. September 6tli, by the Rev. W. D Ballantyne, Mr. Joseph Somerville.ol Pembroke, to Relieetit, second daughter of Alex. Myles, Esq., of Alice.
DIED.
:<> :
At Rtyson, on the 19th inst., the infant son of Mr. John llae.
Go and see BUST AGEE who is always ready to show goods for inspection.
l»y.
unquestionably on a sounder basis at this moment than ever before. Some weak
If the Annexationists, or
may yet be fumed to sueeumb, and
mon
remittances to the east will bo slow until
the large stocks in the country arc worked off, but the population continues to (row with marvellous rapidity ; more and more laud is broken and cultivated oveiy lay, immigrants arc taking millions of money in the aggregate into the country, the disbursements on account of railway matters are uiidiniinished, and this year a crop of three million bushels, of which two thirds will be available for export, is being liai-vested. It is not possible for tho Northwest to retrogiade. is not [m«sihie to even impose any série is check to its progress. But it is possible for men in their haste to grow rich to overtrade, to divert their money from legitimate business to speculative channels and for importera and producers in the East to facilitate this overtrading by pouring goods into the country altogether beyond the consumptive wants of the people. That is what has lieen done, and as a natural consequence shipments to the s f^güaomparstively
is just in all his dealings, and to bow in humble submission to the divine will of Him who said : “Suffer little children to unto mt and forbid them not for of

The amazing progress of railway «level-opeuicut in the United States is well illustrated by the following article from the .Mail. But great as it may be, the development of the resources of the province of Manitoba in agricultural produce it little less wonderful. Thirteen years ago it amounted to what supplied the wants of a few thousand, and now, it is reckoned by millions of bushel* :
PRODUCE OP ALL KINDS
sufficient that the Ministers both of the last Government and of the present regard it as valuable, and wish for its continuance.
pany can
with plenty of money with which toe rry out the enterprise, who rare not a farthing for any opjiosition that the Syndicate or
any one else may deem prudent to give it,	the “< ovet" (jUEstion
in the ««me position. It has luto l also	,|Uartera. altlxmgh not, I
urre.d winch are i» fo!h.w«:^'nic con- }iui)ly wmletlljng «jjed “etiquette"-.
tract has been gu en to a Mr. Armstrong j,tor\_aIIa implies also tlie e*tabli»h- i lay «till and white, apparently conactous who has no money °	,,u 'siu	ll,enl °* a court *	of all around her. tier little companion
nulkTffi Company’* bond* with the	thc^	may ! wa‘ ^	thoughtfulforromc
Govcmuicnt guarantee of interest for a , ,w defined aa «ome rule of socitU time after loai tng the clwmbcr of «ickneaa period of «even years, at the rate of 8ZU. C(in(,||Ct ; have found that no Bitch rule ! and at last her mother noticed her crying
in the business, and tlm consequence is , hihitioii uf any single word spoken by take poor little Flo away to Heaven." he has up hill work. The bonds of e strangers at the Government House in From the time alio was taken ill till she I
héfe’	=ssi
peas-like manner to ensure sek me why it is that I am so cothoSMtic waelwt going to sleep
conic
such is the kingdom of Heaven.” She was of a sweet, gentle disposition, and a general favorite with all who knew hor, and more especially was «he beloved by her little playmates. One of her companions, a little girl about her own age, went to visit her during her sickness ; the little sufferer was very low at the time and
TAKEN IN EXCHANGE AT
it
From the advance copies of Poor's Railway Manual we learn that at the close ef 1882 the railway mileage of the United States was 112,312 ; length of lines operated, 107.158. an increase for the year of 10,483 miles in the former and 14.100 in the latter. The increase in capital and debt for the year is shown by the follew-figuroa :
Capital. 1881 Debt. 1881...

-o-
A Discount of 5 per cent on all Cash Purchases.
83,070,823,012 3,044,026,972
*6,1.-6,460,683
Northwest will this
Capital, 82 <3,450,1178,1% Debt, 1882 3.439,580.103
E. B. D. LAFLEUR.
light, and paymen for a few months to has already been mi bright with the pro ventent in tl^B
k
80,800,064.309
... *780.213.779
Increase fur 1882
e The cost per mile as shown in 1881 was 867JT80 average. In 1
617100, Jus* 7, ISSS


\
V «


\


/
1
/
r
i
###PAGE###3###
AblMtt U J
I
THE EQUITY : THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 20,188T
f
Mondelsshon's wedding march was very to much as a grain railing section of coun- encountered a very largo bear ; he was a Wu had it from a gentleman of good	Atmrawtiaai Wftlltid
lUtingiy esccutwl upon the organ by Mr». try| |l0nC0 the population will not tie likely huge monster, having a breast about two practical know'edge in the construction of I_¦¦
itrSSSIitEî Z.ZXS SîTJïrc SstirHFS'St
Ihu U'iieditition was pronounced mid »h for nheop-raising, however, our rojxnier grunt*, snapped his teeth several times, land, at a minimum cost of $14,000. This s«pt 5 is*) the bridal party ivt umi down the aisle, | is of opinion that no letter locality exists; and sauntered away,	calculation is based on the cost of a a|>an
terxsar.isrt ...................... -....... •» r™=	.......
choice flowers, with which they strewed "otne very excellent sheep. It would not and home again reached by the now aU„<M to. The great superiority of an inm the aislo as far in the door, w here car ho just to past over Aldficld without a wearied travellers, leaving on their memo- structure over a wooden one, as regards riageH took the newly made pair and word about its seenviy, which is really ries pleasant impressions of tho trip, and durability and the saving of time in con-
Thr .........rr	•*-
by Mr. and Mr. Smith, assisted by the place, border...., the beautiful mknd lakes came in contact.	We ^derstand that there will be no
groomsmen, bridesmaids and Air. and are thickly covered with n thich vegota-	^ _	exhibition at. Aylmer this year, the dir-
Mix. Weeper, after which, when the e e- tat ion of giant maples, whose foliage,	UC3?3 ftJld Tû6Z*C.	ectom of tho society having decided to
EEEE5HE FFvFF^	EEBBÉ-B
mired, the guests pans over a car-j frost ; eloping lmck gracefully from the week for Investing.	/it,, tho required Wn, we are quite sure
p< tei	pel	1	to	(ho	etage	"f	the | water 3 edge they present a picture to the	The Prestiyterianm of Renfrew are build	those who take an interet in the promo-
new opera	house,	where a	Umutifnl	T " ' observer's eve of indescribable grandeur	leg a fine new church.	tion of the agriculture will not regret the
mKtztZtzt Æ5Œ» """ EEEE'rElE
ally was ns merry as a marriage bill. trace! Going acros» tho township, Tho Renfrew Agricultural Exhibition many years that the accomodation warn
night overtook the travellers at Mr. Leg-	011 th® ^6th and 2fith inst.	altogether inadequate, and interferred
nult's where tîiey decided to remain until	Messrs. Frost & Wood, of Smith's Falls	•yrifaisly with tho financial success of
morning. This is a place where fish	will manufacture self-binders next season,	the exhibition.
te £«rSS
cure Homo for breakfast, which they were ,	,	, ,,	.	.. .	.. or three days afterwards about half a mile
BEpELB
Clarke was absent a few hours in the The Renfrew Mercury reports that bu- There is talk of a grand hunt at some date morning inspecting some lota distant sines» in the grain market is dull as yet, in in the near future for the puiqxise of re About three miles; during his abaei.ee our village.	capturing tho miscreant animals, or fail-
reporter amused or rather worried him- The season for Harvest Thu,ksgiving '<-g tins, to chase them to the death. In ,	services	and church sociables will noon tho meantime, however, should any of
self by trying to catch fish and converse jn>	the farmers in tho vicinity of llryson be
with the settlers, who are French. It jt j„ {relieved (],„(, the output of logs favore'* with a call from Master Bruin or is perhaps in order ro say that tho indi- from the limits next winter will bu fully Vis lady, they are requested to receive vi.lual referred to is Lot very familiar HO percent leas than last season.	them with cordiality, and if not too much
......	. ,	_,	,	,	»,	. » r,„	...	, u ,	- trouble, present each with a necktie as
with tho language of the tranks, and as Mr AMcKillop, B_ A, of Pembroke, ^ means of inducing then, “to tarry yet his auditoiw had in like manner but a W»‘hat town last week to take a position longer ottheir aboSes."
_ .. on the C. P. R., at Port Arthur.	9	_ . —
ve,y limited knowledge of tho English „ jg reportod that tho Luilding erected	On.n^ El^ii,,,, Trials
tongue, our readers will more readily ,t Cobdcn for a paper pulp factory will be Toronto, 14lh.-Tl,c South Renfrew imagine than we can describe how inter- utilised as a woollen factory and gnat mill, election case was continued at Osgoodc eating the dialogue must have been.	Dr	LalFerty, formerly of Perth and Hall to day. After the examination of a
Pembroke, is a candidate for tho mayor- witness the court expressed the opinion alty of Regina, tho capital of the N. W. T. that llm evidence of the four other wit-
Four hundred dollars was about the amount cleared by the Oddfellows in con- j nection with tho recent exclusion to Al i
LOCAL INTELLIGENCE.
8a» Bwuuvr.MKNT.— Since ourlant issue two more of Mr. W. H. Murphy's children have died from diphtheria. The first, a little girl 3 yearn of age, died on Wed nesday, and on the following day A little boy ten ycais old, also succumbed to the fell disease. Their remains were followed to their last resting place on Thursday and Friday of last week to the English cemetry here. We tender Mr. Murphy our heartfelt sympathy in his great affliction.
ArnuMMKNTs. • Tho following notice appears in tho last issue of tho Quebec Official Gault*:-- I*. It, Coyne, John Coyne, Joseph Evorill, of Portage du Port, Justices of tho Peace for tho district of Ottawa.
n I). COliOHLIK.
A GOOD KMART ROY—Immediately—to leern W Cabinet Making Will betoken on'trial for a Apply to R. J RAF, Bryson
month.
Auguit 10, IW
if
?
A X INTELLIGENT LAD who can rra«l and write J\. well, to learn the Printing BusWkm. Apply im mediately at THW OFFICE.
8aii.
A little loss Ilian a year ago Mom Kelly, a farmer of Templeton, died of consumption. Since then his threeson» have all succumbed to .he mmo fell disease, tho youngest having died on Saturday last.
Notice.
Entrons Eyim. -A follow who signs himself “We, You, Us & Co.,” and win wears leather patch' s on his unmentionables, seems to feel very biully indeed, because lie cannot get along well with one A Beau Hunt. The proprietor of the of “Coulongc’s fair daughters." and treats Purest House having lost his bears and your readers to a dido of nonsense about
•....«	................. • i
chance of having some s,wrt proposes | green-eyed monster (jealousy) has fairly u bear hunt. In addition to tho sport and taken possession of his soul, and I should excitement of the cliaso our worthy host	not wonder if the municipality would he
offers two prizes one of which is cash,	called upon to invest in a strait jacket
xv .1	.,	.	,.• ,« . Homo uf those day*. His wooing noem*	,	, ,
the other will not bo named until the boar*	to be a very slow affair, and 1 am emu if	fho	M>me	given	a	long	bit	of	the
he freezes hie finger#, it will not bo for	ladies*	coutumes,	which we	have	no aoubt
xr „ n	„„	. want of “mittens ’ to keou thorn warm, would bv interesting to tho fair reader* of
Arc -- r-r
Mi.	14,1,1m,..	,h. ‘"Coulnngo'. Sir .Slighter, nlonu inf ii lu ru, «mU. I» g,Ih.1 ,S Hi. tod., .hn
«T " -"f "«;«>“"•	SLTAatl BSA"	=%
r~ ,—r* '**,<*¦ •* t
ViccPromlentiJ.T.St. Julien, Score-	'	Youm, An Observer, dm.no.id ««r-rmg., bracelets and breast-
pin. She was the centre of admiration and was a typical bride in every sense." Tho wedding presents numbered orbr two hundred; tho journal from which we quote briefly mentions some of them, among which wo notice two deeds of leal estate situated in the centre of the city, valued at A'), 600, a gift from Colonel Slcejsir. The remaining presents mentioned arc chiefly articles of silverware.
Shortly after the ceremony the happy couple started on an extended tour which hail been arranged for them; a genuine hearty welcome is predicted on their return.
Tbf Mumripshtr nf rhupeAU Village alia]] nr-t be r. •ymoiilhle for any <lainau>- that may foe caused by ridenU which muy happen on the Bridge crowing the Ottawa River at Chapeau, aa Haul Bridge ta uuuur N BE8HKTTK,
lui*
(,'li*I*au, this 20th « ley of August, 1883.
For Sale.
The undersigned offers the commodious BRICE HOUSE and Out buildings, and two acre# of land in connection therewith, situate in the corporation of Bryson, on reasonable terms.
?
JAMES COLTON.
uro brpught in, dead or alive.
LiU'htli'M, August 23. 1883.
If
NOTICE.
Any person found trespassing on lute No. 3, West Range and lots 4 and 5 in the 7tb Range of Allumette island, will he prosecuted wording to law.
Chapeau, Kept 13
w. L GRAY
Shawville Academy
<•
taiy ; Arthur Ciouest, Engineer.
TS NOW OPENED, t'NDBR the smwrvlsios ni Mr. Â BlnmliaM. a.** Prindjial. a gradua to of MOW Normal School, holding a nret-clae* Academy Diploma and other testimonials of a high order. Thi* commodious institution in now fully wpilpwwd with ms;** and all other apparatus, affording good facilities to stu-lents seeking a higher education Few from u> cento to 70 «‘enta month board can 'imi hud at very inc#<lerate rates Kor furthej inforuation sonally or by letter to Miarville, Hept û. tAW
Railway Matte».—Mr. White, one «f tho company of American contractor# who have got the work of building tho new railway from Cornwall to Sault Sto. Marie, in town last week looking after tho internals of tho road. Mr. White is a very affable gentleman, and freely answered all queries ns to the progress of the work .and intentions of the company. The line is projected to run from Cornwall via Smith's Falls direct to Egauvillo and tlivncu up the valley of tho Bonnehere, and will be a saving of about 140 miles over any other projected route to Sault Ste. Marie. Work will commence in earnest early next spring, the company having already successfully floated fourteen million dollars worth of their bonds, and Mr. White says they will undoubtedly reach Egauvillo next fall. Tho company have also a branch in prospect from Egauvillo to Pembroke, which Mr. White says will certainly he built at an early day.
To be Sriin ran Damaubs.— It is likely that mi action for damages will be entered «gainst the C. V. It. by the mother of Fred Rood, the young man who was fatally wounded at Pembroke by getting his foot caught in a “frog," as it was owing to neglect in not having the “frog" filled up that hi.i death is due.
IV RH
• i'pir J mr H f.AKG, 8*c.-Tua*
NOTICE.
A Valuable Patent
Mr. Cone, of Pembroke, lias invented an apparatus for the tempering of axes and all kinds of steel. It is said to be very valuable, as it will be a great factor in the manufacture of axes. It is rumored that an extensive (inn is negotiating with Mr. Cone to purchase liis {«tent for the whole Dominion of Canada.
From Aldtield the drive was continued across the townships of Low and Wakefield to the (iatineau valley. While jvisaing a neat little school house in Wakefield tho travellers’ attention was attracted by the sound of a female voice from within. Bringing the buggy to a halt, they wore surprised to recognize in the lady an intimate friend Miss Letitia Hodgins of Clarendon—who seemed quite happy and content with her surroundings. Dinner was taken at Mr.Farrell’s. That gentleman « as found with a very comfortable hotel, good yards and stables, a very nice store, with post office (North Wakefield), and 'elegraph office in connection.
From hero the route continued up the iatineau to the mouth of the Kazabazua, where night again impeded further progress. This village presents rather an uninviting appearance just now, but with lie building of the railway will doubtless iceome transformed into a lively business rentre. At present it 1ms two or three 'tores, two hotels and other business establishments.
Next morning found the travellers on he road again en route for Victoria. The road lay through the Piekanock vil-age, where Mr. Josh Ellard’s mills, store, ind other places of business are situated.
X little further on and the grounds and mildiugs of the county of Ottawa agricul ural society No. 2, are leached. These rompare favorably with any of the kind in Ins county—substantially and neatly milt with grounds well arranged and well enced. The buildings were erected and i resen ted to the society by Mr. Ellaid.
Victoria is a nice little village and leasts of one hotel, a bakery, post office ind two or three stores. Mr. C. Thomas s tho proprietor of the hotel and is appa-¦eutly doing a thriving business. The louse is commodious, neat and clean, and unties travelling in that section will find Mr. Thomas and his lady both entertain ng and attentive to their guests Tin wist office which lias been recently cstab-ishod is called Grace field, with Mr Pat ick Grace as portmasler, who also keeps he principal store of tho place.
In the afternoon Mr. Clarke had oeca-don to drive into the township of Dorion ¦o mnko an insjiection of lots, leaving our reporter again alone, yet not alone, hut n the society of ladies with whom an on-oyable time was sjamt. Mr. Clarke drove i distance of about seventeen miles and return over, ho says, the roughest road hat ho ever travelled. His business was
0	examine and report whether Dorion •vas a suitab’c tract of land to open up for settlement or not. On the banks of the vcgemault lake ho found a settler named Mercier possessing a first-class farm; his mildings were of the tiest, especially his
1	welling house, which was admirably tin-shed and artistically painted. The eur-•ounding scenery is unsurpassed for lovli-iess and grandeur. Mr. Clarke was very nvorably impressed with Dorion, and its .uitability for agricultural purposes.
The roads in general along the Gati-icau arc veiy gcxxl, excepting the bridges which are shocking and dangerous.
The many churches and school houaes to be seen in this locality speak volumes ror the high moral and intellectual standing of its inhabitants.
The Victoria people wished to entertain their visitors on the day follow ing their arrival amongst them by having a fishing excursion and party at night. Business pressure, however, would not admit of this indulgence, and the travellers were forced to take leave of thoir newly-made friends with much regret.
Next night found them at Dan fold Lake in Aylwin, the guests Mr. of Heeney, who lias a goixl farm, fine large clearing, and is otherwise comfortably situated. Mr. Clarke had more inspection work at this point, and our reporter once more tried his luck with the fishing line ; his efforts were rewarded by the capture of two or three denizens of the chub species about the size of an ordinary jack-knife The next objective point on the route Otter Lake settlement in Leslie, where the travellers were entertained a(
Mr Thomas Stevens' hotel. More fishing here and a bear' story from mine boat Torn, which t* s# follow s ; While driving some cattle home which he had sold, he
A
b V NUMBER OF bETTI.ERb WERE LNAMLK for Min t-aus* or another to avaH tlteinnelvra of n! it mliu tion paid up to the it huit l**en decided to mend the time
nesses Was necessary, and accordingly adjourned the ease until the tilth of Nuveni-
tin* offer made tiy the Department to gr# of 26 |k r cent on al) «neurs of interval V 26th of Jui
during which thi# extinwi >n will be gmnted, tip tn ami including the	1 let'em Iter next, to all wttler* who
pay to the agents tiie HiiniMilue by tl A her th.it «late legal proceeding* will have to hr taken aguiunt all tlirnr who have not then paid.
W W. LYNCH.
C.C.L
The Bristol Demonbtration.—According to announcement the demonstration at the grounds of tho Lansdownc Lacrosse Club in Bristol came off on Tuesday last, and was attended with much success The weather was as favourable to the occasion as could be desired, and notwithstanding that this is a busy time with the farmers, a crowd of people to the number of about eight hundred turned out in response to the committees invitation.
Tho shortness of tho day and tho late arrival of the Quyon club, prevented the entire progamme from being carried out ; but that which was disposed of w as done in a creditable manner, relieeting mucl on tho thorough management of tho com mittco. Music was furnished by tho Bris toi brass band, and Prof. Hendry witl his piiies. Best of order prevailed through nut the day, which came to a close to the satisfaction of all present.
The following is the list of sports at they took place during the day :
A Toronto despatch says ;—Judgment ! was given this (Friday) morning in the Go to tho Exhibition in Shaw ville next i East Northumberland election Wednesday. A grand turn out is expected. All should set this day apart its a day of recreation.
monte.

ease.
Chancellor Boyd held that there was no evidence of corrupt practices against the respondent, but that three jiartios were guilty of corrupt practices who were not agents of the respondent. Justice Cameron agreed on the latter point, but held that the fact of Mr. Ferris, the respondent, having given railw ay passes to a voter rendered him guilty of corrupt practices and he should tie unseated, and directed that a new elec-| lion be held. The matter remains there-

Department of Crown Lm-I* » Quebec, August ;'4. UnM. i‘
How He Lost His Ahm.—William Hawley, of Slinfbot Lake, got drunk and lay down on a railway track to sleep. A train car.tu along and cut off hi* arm, but ho slept on. unconscious of bis loss, until
Miss Farrell, daughtes of Prof. Farrell, from Portage clu Fort, will give Some beautiful recitations at the Band Concert, to bu hold shortly at Carlcton Place,
From £800 to $900 lias been raised by the C. P. It. and St. L. & 0. Ry. men. to be given to the mother of the late conductor, James Mulvahill.
At the next meeting of the Ottawa | foie in statu i/uo. County Council a by-law will he introduced i to provide for a new bridge over the lies j Lierres, at an estimated cost of 82,000.
NOTICE.
At a un* tin/ >»f .Vhuol Commissioner» nifipality of Bristol :inJ of üeptrmbt r. lrtKi, it watt moved by Cum. tint-ham, seconded by Coin. Morrison :
Resolved, That aeries of Kewier*. KtrLlnnd A. bvott and Hamhlin Smith's Arithmetic, IkilV Elocution, M -rrison a Gramm». «'"«isiina Em?-lish 8p»llcr, Mf—cmtoti system »»l WriUéàk, K» t»n'a Composition, LovellV tieojrr9, 'ikm f ollit r » Dntish History, Milts’ Canadian H at rtes. Tml-himter's Algelirs, B in lid. ChainN-r*' Practical Mathematics, Fr- ncb’* Hfmly of U.mls, PfenUfa. Duntvn and Scribner's Booi<-ke»'ii;.g, Nelson or Johnson's M ips, and Abln-tt’s Art *t Tcavldh#. Ui the adapted Sr bool Rooks in thi» Mnni(i|«Iity; that the Int I» published one uio- .ii in Thi E<.'t itv, and tint? « copy of the jwtper lie m nl t . WH of the teach' ; s
lor to»- Mu-held in the Town Hull on the
This is the same company that liavo liven endeavoring to get hold of tho Pon-
moniMig when he awoke, anil, feeling an itching sensation in his hand, tried to scratch it and found it waa gone. He tiac Railway. Mr. White says they are walked two miles to him home, and sent willing to pay a reasonable figure for tho
charter of that presently attentive enter-
itis hoy for the arm. Fatal results are feared.
[Roman Church.
Till: LKAN'iEo TO BE MADE IX THE INVITED STATES.
prise, and will besides fully recompense the contractors and projectors for all actual outlay. Ho thinks it but a matter of time till they secure the charter, and when they do they will build it after the American fashion—that is without delay or hesitation of any kind, vigorously and actively. Under these circumstances we are sure that it w ill lie the wish of at! the friends of this town, of Pontiac, and of her railway that they should succeed in securing the work.—Obtervcr.—We say yes, moat emphatically.
L'OiVoi.XAL, Sept. 17.—The trial of Frederick Mann, charged w ith the murder of the Cooke family at Little Rideau took plaie at the assizes, his Lordship Justice Armour presiding. Tho Court opened at half-past twelve o'clock. After the regular form of swearing the jury liad been gone through the Maun called. Mr. 8. Macdonald of Cornwall appeared on behalf of the Crown and Mr.
John Maxwell of L Original for tho prisoner, tho prisoner pleading guilty to tho several charges against him. His Lordship pronounced sentence at once, that the prisoner slv.uld bo hanged by tire neck until dead on the 12th day of October.
Aoricultukk.—Tho Exhibition in connection with No. 2 Agricultural district,
Ottawa County, will lie held at tho Pick-aiiock on the 11th of October. The local officers arc leaving no stone unturned to make the fair a grand success, and we can confidentially predict that, w eather permitting, tho turn out on the occasion will lie one of the largest in the history of the society. In connection with tho show we might suggest the advisability of a programme of s]«irts, which would certainly have a tendency to create a deeper interest among the young people, and make them look forward to these annual gatherings with a greater degree of pleasure. T,
Mr. Grace i, President and Mr. Bam- ®*V'	h“ ret“rn°di ^
bridge, secretary-treasurer.	P™ Uht ^atlg altaough suffering
»	_____.+._____ from a severe cold. His son Alfred, who
$*xsnm Accident.--On Friday morn-	filled his place while he was absent, is
ing last about seven o’clock while a worn-	going back to college shortly. As a
an named Giroux, who resides at East preacher and earnest Christian worker. TAK|;N |y A MP0MBB wh,le tbavelun. Temploman, was milking her cows at a tho young man is already above the aver- theoi'oh the back townships. short distance from her house, she ob-	age, and soems to bo especially gifted to
served a heavy smoko arising from the	preach the gospel. Ten short years ago,	1	"Î	*	J	of	this	office	was in-
latter. When she arrived at the house	he came to Coulonge just a boy, and al-	filci	by	. r. i lam Clarke,	crown am.
alio found it enveloped m fiâmes. Know- ready he is one of tho most eloquent ag»nt. to accompany him on a tour of in ing that her two little children aged res-	preachers in the country.	If ho does not	«poction through some of	the back	town
pectively four and two years, were inside	break down his health by	hard study, he	8 'l*0 ^ ' county.	e wort }	repu
she was almost frantic and made a des- is certain to become one of the leading lcl 'erl ^	0 ur' uni
perate effort to rescue thorn. But the	ministers of hi, day.	'ut out w‘th Mr',Clarko	on Monday-last,
flames had made to much headway to per-	Woodpile thieves are becoming numer-	lea)'mS that gentleman s	residence	aboa'
mit of this, and in a very short time the ou,, and as a consequence woodpiles are c*g d “C'K~ m * “ n,urnin8; lV“1l house, which was a small emu, waa burned beooming“smail by degrees, and heanti- * i""., i t ie roar o t ie owns iqi6_q -» to the ground, and nothing but ashes re- fully less," 1 am intimately acquainted ”jn r,"’t! "?!,« m *’ r' ,4 Anc ‘ mained of tho two little children who, on- with a person who owns a good aized pile, 1 Ct tinnc) H 1 4t*	roac ai
ly a little while before IumI been eo full of but he also owns a first-rate shooting-iron, no<m’ u^eru ti0 cu,J(,t1a,r!t l1311,00	0
life and health. Tlie father, who is a la- which he will be certain to turn loose h,'art>' meaL ^ looking over the pre bourer, waa absent at the time of the sad some of these fine nights.—Watchman. md‘ts t i, gunteman it was notica i
occurrence.	-____-?_______ that they were very comfortable; his fare
------------- A Notable Event -Marriage or Mr. one of the best in the township, ant
Social at Mattawa.-A social was j L S)1ITH AI Brawbbd, Minn.-Wc well stocked with implements, to which it held in the new Presytorian manse at toke niUch pleasure in reproducing tho "hortly to be added a threshing machine;» Mattawa on Wednesday evening last. fullowillg account of Mr. John Smith's line dwelling house is also in course ol There was a veiy good attendance, com- carriage at Brained, from the North- ere(;tion- Tl,e ,,mil 8-rvico in luea'-prising members of all denominations.	Tribun» of the 8th inst	hty, Mr. McKonney said, was very poor;
A very pleasant evening was spent in	.	, , ,,	, letters or tiapcrs destined for there from
social conversation, games, and music, ding ceremony, which ImV long1"* bc^n points in this county having to go down instrumental and vocal. A brief address the subject of universal comment, and for to Ottawa, and back up into Aldficld. was given during the evening by Rev, which such grand preparations had been If this grievance was properly represented Mr. B.illa.ityno, in the course of which made. took place. Long lief ore the hour t„ the member for the Commons, wu have he made mention of the kindness of the guests Vegan'to a^remWo'V 8t. ‘rtub! reason to believe lie would endeavor to widow of the late Hoctur MacKenzie, cliureh, and by I) o’clock, at which time have tho matter rectified. Our reporter Esq., who kindly sent a contribution of the knot was to be tied, the brilliantly saw that the great majority of settlors in one pound sterling from Scotland. Great decorated church waa filled, and standing Oldfield have a very hard time farming, praise is due to the liberality and energy Zr'iu'nm%r"\Csra\l. B. H^“]I the general nature of tho country being of the people of Mattawa, to the friend. Gross, F. M. Cable and A. W Parsons mountainous and exceedingly rocky, in the neighborhood and men in the were appropriately dressed in broadcloth, Here and there might lie noticed a patch shanties, which have been the means of 'riiite kid., aud satin ties, and were kept' of wheat, oats, (witutoes, turnips or buck-obtaining this neat and comfortable house )wupUy atloZo'ri^k the bndafimty whcat’ tho lattur in numt deatr">od for the missionary, and Ui the missionary arrived at tho church in their cailinges, by the recent frosts. An expenditure of especially, whose lnbore have really been Mr. Ed. Haren and Dr. W. B. Kennedy colonization money on the loads in Ald-tlic means of putting it there. As usual wel0 gremiiirmen, and Miss Maud Sleeper tiehl, which are in wretched condition, the ladies carry off tho lion’s share of the ^ appnsHiol lhe°»!t,ir inlh.'f f.d- would a ^ 1"”jn *" ^"brave-hearted • work, ami tho pmiee omnected with tho lowing order : iMr. Bd. Huzvu, escorting pioneers who haw cast thoir lot# among social, chiwrfulfy and energetically aided Miss Jennie White; Dr. W. B. Kennedy tlioeu almost inaccessible mountain fast-by the gentlemen, particularly Mr. Andev- eiC0|^in8 Miila Maud Klrt-]x;r; the bride,	to can e out a homo for themselves
aon. The procecl., which are to be de- KK'andw'eamct' SNeepere I ttnd tllrir	!*«“"««
voted to paying for the organ, amounted , «ported by the bridegroom, Mr. John of arable land in the township renders it to over thirty dollars	I Lindsay " Smith During the ceremony. I unreasonable to expect that it wflj tmount
The attendance at the Pembroke pub
lie schools since vacation show a an increase |	Baltimore, Mil., lj. Among the ques-
if nearly 20 per cent. This should grati tions discussed at a preliminiuy confer-fy the friends of general education.	cnee of prelates of the Catholic Church
Mr. 0. Cruikshanks, of Pembroke, lia» t:! lt of discipline and «duration Un-1 been awarded the contract for the con- dur the former head it is said that the | »»la*reM.,s.ro
wl 1 ojie will make important changes,noticc-j ably that of forbidding priests from engag-1 ing in banking business. This action, it !
.	, , , is claimed, lies been necessitated by the i
tom, county of Ottawa, hiui a toimi which ,f(lillw Archbishop Purcell and the
drew a load weighing 5,lo8 pounds from , x„gl.ltjIu. Kali.train Massachusetts. it !	«11 -	/%,-	-
tttawa city to lus stole, a distance o. | suppostil ilia: the Pope will decide that 1	j.^5e n U AGe
ol rnilUN.	j no priest in charge of a church can be ru- !	*	^
The sister of Cajit. XV ebb beiaiuie in I moved against his will without the consent j «mo when she heard of lier brotherV ! of committee of bishops. One of the j loath at Niagara Falls, mid has been chief topics deceased was the extension ; found drowned in the river at Lady Smith, , of canon law m the entire Nortli American j people of Shaw ville and Eurroutiding eoun-Ratals	I continent. Catholic education will claim
JOHN RAMSAY.
F.vTn<i
RICH VRH	1


struction of the new town hall, amount is f?10,0?7.
Mr. Patrick Oraec, merchant t-i Vie
NEW TINSMITH SHOP
cone whs
IN

Base Ball Match, between Bryson ant’ Quio, resulted in an easy victory for thi latter, the score standing fjuynu 38, Dry son 19.
'

Coclonub Notes.—Michael Dempsy lias been engaged during the past weeks in making repairs on his house—-has put on a new roof, with n skylight in one side, ; and has lmd the whole establishment laid
The undersigned begs to intimate to the
100 Yards Dash—John McLeod la'. Jack McFall 2nd.
Mile Raie—Issue C'adiux 1st Jack McFall 2nd.
Lacrosse Match—Renfrew vs. Bris to —First game taken by the Renfrew clu off in good-sized rooms, giving him nmplo in one minute, the next in 30 minute, accommodation for a big crowd.
The harvest home in connection with ' a la,/e share of (he attention of the plen- ' tr-' tdut k‘L ^e‘“'d “ 1m,Ul the English Church of Thome is to be I 'try cVincit. ss well as the subject of re- in Shawvillc and is preps ltd to do hold at Cole's Creek on Saturday tho 29tl. I (Hiring an annual financial report from
inst. An adv. will be foundJn anothei I each pastor.	Au K,1I10.S 01 VfQTit
column.
by the samo club. The next game wa taken hy the Bristol club, anil the las' being well contested for when time wa. called, only an hour being allotted fo the match.
Kvxnîno Hum Jump— Alex Afleck 1st A. Candler 2nd ; jumping respectively t feet j inch and 5 feet.
Ut-NMNu Hop Step and Jump—A Gan dier 1st; Jack McFall 2nd : jumping res [actively 39feet Bin., and 37 feet 11 in.
StamiINi; Jump—A. Gandier 1st, W Davis 2nd ; jumping respectively llfee 1& in., and 10ft. 3iin.
‘Huudlb Rave - John McLeod 1st, Jacl McFall 2nd.
House Race - For a Waltham sto| watch valuedat $45, between D. J. Craig': mare Polly, and G. Walker's mare Lad Jane. Easily won liy D. J. Craig, hi mare coming in fully a quarter of a milt ahead.
! in his line in
Kisrelliincous ltd»*.
People in tins vicinity have commenced to dig their potatoes. Some planted in heavy soil is beginning to rot pretty badly, but on high, light soil they are sound and good, and altogether, I think tho murphy crop will turn out well.
Mr. John young raised a seventy-live pound squash this season. Who can beat that ?
Mrs Bryson is offering a splendid mill site for sale, with engine and boilers.
The driv ing company will lie through here about the end of this week.
Mayor Filiatraut, of Basin du Lièv re, has leased the mill of the Buckingham 1 Company for another year, and is now to the nickel watch business. Chromes irepared to purchase or saw all kinds oi are at a discount in the matter of enlarg-Itardwuod logs, dimension timber, etc.
The Citizen says the Globe has gone in-
GOO/J STYLE
.1ST—
ing the subscription list
MOKE RATE RATES.
The Ottawa County County Conn il
have decided to recommend Mr. J. L.,	,
Carrier, of Aylmer, to the position ol the Governor General's farewell speech in ;
Clerk of the Circuit Court at Hull, in the Toronto. His remarks on the etiquette ' A Full Stork of Tinware kept eon-¦vent of Mr. O. Leduc resigning that po- quwtion were ti,I	siailtly on hand,
sition.	1
Elsewhere will lie found extracts from
Good work guaranteed. A call solicited. Repairing done on the shortest [nuisible notice.
Between Dr. Dowling and lii.i witnesses j in the South Renfrew election case there i has been dune some of the “tidiest" sw ear- ! ing of the season.
A lacrowe tournament will be livid at Penbroko aiiout the latter end of 1 hit mon'h, in which the lacrosse clubs ol Brocxvillu, Perth. Almonte, Renfrew, Bristol and Pembroke are expected to participate.
A man named Moses Perroult, einiiloy-ed at Messrs. McLaren 1 Co’s, mills at the Veche, met w ith an accident by which one of ^is hands was cut off. Thu wound was dressed by Dr. Falls,whosubaequeutl) found it necessary to amputate the hand above the wrist.
DUGALD MuKILLUP.
Shaw v ille, Sept. 8, 1883.
it is said that there already exists evidence of wholesale bribery on the part of
NEW STORE BROWNLEE’S CORNER.
n
•Jk.l
Mr. Mowat’e agents in Algoma. Exactly what everybody expected to hear of.
A case desert ing perpetuation in the ‘•Humorous [daces of the Law" is State v. Ositwrigb* 20 W. Va. 32, where a conviction of felony was set aside, because one of the principal witnesses for the prosecution. who was an activo participant m the light which caused their indictment, w as permitted to come into the jury room, after their retirement, and play the fiddle for them for half an hour; although there

HACK WOODS SKETCHES
un«ÎPr4igîip«l bi p* t«> say that m eoeuetiion wit# the RADFORD FUi*T OFFICE 1ms opened outs nice tiKLKCT STOC K of
Tlif
The changing tints of the foliage which clothes the mountain sides in the environs of Brvson lend increased grandeur to the already magnificent panorama, while at the same time the conviction is forced upon us that autumn has set in.
The junior editor of the Mercury has | was no conversation between the fiddler been “doing" some of the most impor-: and the jury, and the jury all swore that tant places in western Ontario during this it bad no influence on their verdict, month. Interesting accounts of his tra- \ traveller describing one African vil-vek have appeared in recent issue, of the ]a.c as a !iUr Hpeeimo„ of the towns in journal with which he re connected.	Central Africa, tdd there waa a general
The steamer “Pembroke " arrived lien1 air of proeperitv and the people were on Monday evening where she is expected qmrtivc mid merry. He even w itnessed to remain until next season. Mr. () what is rare r.uinng these races—amorous dills and Capt. J. Murphy, of Pembroke, toying and lovitg os reuses between a fine j who were on board, left by stage the fol- stalw art husband and his plump little wife In Grocerim, low ing morning for Portage du Fort. It afterwards appeared that they had been Ttus. Tobaccto, Muyart, Currants. Haiint, The latest “snake story" going the recently married,so this may have accom.l	ii. tkc.
round» of tho press is headed: A “Young I ed for it. Pretty little black children	a*•—. *«¦* awt«s»«• 4*:t I'-vyef
Lady Tightly Embraced liv a Serpent.	playing together, and making mud	Bonis and SUocs,
Such incidents are not rare. But the pies; one Africanettec, looking on, carried and ,u a word everything kspG. »«m,sV7 st- *. young lady doesn't know at the time tlrat a baby an big as herself. Hens and chick au gumt, will be sold ebe&y, n» lUiorOn s,, lie is a serpent. Sometimes she doesn't «ns wore numerous. An immense quan- j	.	„	.	„
discover the fact until after she marries | tity of pumpkins, with the ripe fruit and 1 -him.	i the great yellow blossom growing on the
; same plant, and the waiving fields of manioc lent an air of prosperity and plenty to the tidy grou[iea of house».
DRY GOODS,
—AND--
GROCERIES.
Dry Goods eoLiUttng of
Drem Goods, Cottonr,
Wince />, Ticking,
Tvicetiiuj,
Keoity-inadeClutiiing.
1
JOHN T»4Là".
Selle ol il Host
i
The Almonte T*.net uverhesixl the following conversation during the progtes»
of the Oddfellow»' games in the grove the ,	I
other day:—“May 1 believe, then, dearest, ! The Wy of James Caret,the informer, that at some future time I ma’* have the was followed to the grave by Mrs. Carey fTviiR uodvni#nn,l .,!Ter» f»>r #*le the following hsss happiness of making you my wife T' “1 ' and her children, the district surgeon and	1	of Ms surplus sleek at sort fur CAM
hope so. I’m sure. I'm sick of threaten- j the assistant magistrate of Port Elizabeth.	Drews	Goods.	Eel*.	Bat	NK*#**,
ing to sue fellows for breach of promise." A nibble of negroes also gathered in the	Boots and Nbot#, etc.
burial ground. No minister was present, of -kkh maJ. „ lt „ j and no ai rangement w as made for religious services; hut just as the coffin was lowered into the grave the surgeon, Dr. Ensor,
######
,	,	,	,	pray." Every head was immediately un-
An exchange sagely remark.:-'The covered, ami Dr. Ensor offered up a short
wont thing that can befall a boy is U. ,,raver. Earth was then thrown on the
have liberty to stay out at night. This « (,#n and thus terminated the obsequies
too often a fatal privilege, because it is
during the hours of the night that all
mischief is planned sud executed. The
hoys who are [icrmittcd the freedom of
the public street at all hours of the night | 2
are the boys who till penitentiaries, and
bring sorrow upon their friends and reia- : mg viiSkittao
lives. Parents should keep their boys off
the streets it night."

The rails on the C. P. R. extension

have been hid as far as Dunrille, forty j miles lieyonn Sturgeon Fills and nineteen : miles from Sudbury Junction, which will
\
\
The above mutt be mold out M he U putting iit • larg* ami varied utoofc of Groctriaa, such as
TEAS, SUGARS, TOBACCOS, CANDIES, CHRISTMAS TO Y8, PRE SKNTS, «te. «te.
Him. « .r vrri-i are all uMh* ref, host quail If a'id will le a W st a at.ml! advent

In sddiUmi to tV above be has a
of James Carey
Baking Establishment,
WAS
Teachers Wanted.
if bah ing
Indlag
and MprppmreV
up
i . Hi Mi:,
Trarher
vimMly of Chi- hffiti r On# to trich French !uh. aud li
re|Mt<* r
WUDMXG CAKM,

IgllNii
in Ural clan utyl
N. nL.iSF.TTF., fc*. Traaa Chaptwa f. O-, P. Q
A
JAML* ENJX
«Tvfllf.

AiiS t#1 Oth IS


4

1

A
###PAGE###4###
trac
-
THE EQUITY: THPHSDAt SEPTE^ftER 80,188*
HEm MANY
Interesting attractions in


t


,iw.
-¦*

SR9




»


S5
I
STILL INCREASING

June, 1883. Anihroee IUwkinn return to hie ancestral hell on the farm His All rush to embrace the train. Ambrose
Society Note.
Humanity vs. Wealth.
"If there he among you a l*xir men of mie of thy brethem within any of thy 4»t«6 in the land which the l-orn thy God mveth thee, thou «halt not harden thine heart noi «hut thine hand from thy poor brother," Deuteronomy xv., 7, was the text chosen by Dr. Uuebech at the Aha-«.till t'hosed Synagogue some time ago. Tim lesson of t'hanty i* one of the main olijeete of the Divine Wonl, «aid the Doctor, and justly »<>. The great aim of the sac rev! books la to teach man the know lodge of his maker and to point out to him I lie |«ith wlueh loads him nearer and nearer to the Divine aouroo of perfection rto God. Now, among all the divine attributes there are two which are prin-v-i(willy apjioalod to by man's dependent heart His love and his mercy. The act of i ivatlou in itself on the part of a |ier-
w
All old bachelor, who lives in the suburbs of Austin, hires s colored man of about eighteen to clean up his room, fill the lamp, and perform lise services. A few days ago the colored domestic, who hail been using hie employer's blacking, said:
family weep for joy. him m he etepe from Hawkins gases fixedly at them through an oriel window that include* one eye, and, delicately extending two fingers for tograep, he murmura:
‘Aw, father I gently, my deah fellah, gently ; easy on the wings, ye knew; bless you,me mathaw—how, no, thank* ; kiss you when we get home, ye knew ; how do, brothaw— brothaw — well, bleee me aoul, but aw, I’ve forgotten the boy's name. Sister deah, will you kindly hand these brawses faw me boxes to the luggage mawatah Î Aw—is this this the vehicle
And sll the w ay home the old man did not say a word, but he just drove and thought, and thought and drove, and nearly all that night he sat up twisting hickories and laying them to soak in the watering trough down by the cow barn, and he told a neighbor next morning that Charles Francis Adams was right, and that he had about four years lamin' to unlam for Bode afore the boy could holler at a yoke of steers like he used to, but the boy seemed to be coming round all right, and he reckoned he'd do, bye'n bye. ’—Burlington Hawkeyr.
*
PORTAGE DU FORT,
them
Owing to the good satisfaction given by the proprietors of the
BRYSON FOUNDRY,
‘Bone, our blackin’ am done out." “What do you mean T growled the sordid employer. ‘Everything belongs to me, and nothing belongs to you. I want you to understand nothing belongs to you.'
The terrified darkey promised to comply w ith the request. On the following Sunday the boss happened to meet the colored menial, accompanied hv a chocolate colored female pushing a baby carriage.
‘Was that your baby in that carriage T he asked next day, quite a number of his feet Being was an act emanating from fiends being present, pure lore sud mercy, and the sustenance	hoes, data not our chile; dat's
of the vast fabric of the universe rests for- your chile. I'te nebber gwine tor say ever on the same two supporting pillars, nuftin belongs to me no moah.’
Man's first and chief religious recognition must, therefore, centre in the acknowledgement that love and mercy are destined by i nnl's wisdom to form the basis of all godlike human practice. Thus the lessons of charity in the divine discipline are not mily fur the benefit and protection of the pour end needy, but they are just as much calculated to educate to elevate slid to save him who gives as they tend to relieve him who taketh. It is of great moment to observe how the divine legislation en deavors and succeeds in infusing into its strict laws the spirit of true love, showing thereby that justice and charity can and ought to go hand in hand.
We know- what a source of embarrass ment t he indebtedness of the poorer classes to the moneyed class so frequently was for the Roman Commonwealth. Occasional revolts caused a “remissio aeris alien!,' but the evil was never radically cured.
Our text, enjoining charity toward the poor, make* a constituent part of a law w hich was calculated to cure the above mentioned ev il radically. The seventh year was legally instituted as the year of release. “Every creditor shall release the I'ibii w Inch lie has lent unto his neighbor." fills burden of indebtedness could become the cause of a serious disturbance of the social order in the land, fur the remission of the debt at a certain jieriod was a point of the law. The danger, however, that in proportion aa the year of release drew near the wealthy would become more unwilling to lend his money to the needy was obviated by the earnest admonition that it was the element u! charity in the human transactions which caused Hod's blessing to rest on the work of man. We admit that such an institution as ‘the year of release, useful as it may have been in the time of the Hebrew Commonwealth, w ould not prove practicable under altered circumstances; but we urge that the principle which ap|iears em-I'I*lied in this law holds good for all times and under all circumstance*. It sets the love to man abme the love for money.
It commands the heart to ojwii the hand «and not allow itself to be hardened by a close hand. It enjoins on poverty never to part with dignity, and on wealth nevei to lack modesty and kindness. It is not the difference lietween poverty and wealth which creates the wide chasm between the component |wrts of society; it is the neglect of this blessed principle which alone can harmonise the contrast in the gifts of life. I do not say that we are not liberal in our gifts to the poor, but our liberality is wanting in an important point and puts us somewhat in the situation of tho rich man before Mohammed. A richly dreased man came to see the Ismaelitish prophet and sat down before him. Immodiatcly after him came a poor mini and took his seat at the side of the rich man. The latter quickly grasped his relie to save it from the touch of the poor man's vestment. “Art thou afraid that the touch uf liis garment will impart to thee some of lua poverty ?” asked Mohammed ot the rich man. “No.” ‘Why then, didst thou act in this manner i ‘0, prophet, greediness and pride are the cam panions of my heart. They make me often do what 1 do not intend to do. To repair my wrung I will share my wealth with this poor man." “Art thou willing to accept the offer i” ‘No," replied the man. “And why not ?" demanded the rich man, in surprise. “Because I am afraid that thy money will make me similar to thyself !” There is a willingness among ns to share with the poor, but the evil companion—our pride—pulls eagerly aside his rich garment tliat the closer contact with the poor may bo avoided. Thus our benevolence loses half its blessing.
It may relieve the jsior, but it fails to ennoble us and to make us godlike in our love. The charity is the offspring of a wise heart,wise through the great knowledge. Our Father in heaven bestows his love on us all, therefore it is a true brother’s love that man owes to man.
In their Miinufacture.", the demand for them is daily increasing. The superior quality of
PLOUGHS C
May be mentioned’, the
C: STEEL

Turned out bv them this season have fully proved, by the excellent work done, all that i* claimed for them. |E jF A largo quantity of these implements nlwaws kept in stuck.
NEW STORE
s
STUMPING MACHINES I THE BEST VET I
The subscribers are now manufacturing a new and superior Hand-Lever Srt MF-ino Machine whieli is just whet the farmer requires. Possessing wonderful jsmer, this machine is well-fitted to take the place of large, cumbefnue machines now in use. and from its lightness and simplicty of operation, will save much time in moving and labor m working. Como slid seo a sample of the work it will do.
-or-
of
college
C. N. PURVIS,
Slrvplng far Sketches.
An usual they sie prriNtral to ftirnlt.li nearly every description of
Plough-Points, Road-Scrapers, Coolers, &c. See.
X.X.
One of the most difficult things in this world, next to swimming the whirlpool of Niagara, is to get into the upper berth of a sleeping car. It is a dangerous feat, as well as embarrassing. The upper berth in a sleeping car is as unpopular as a green watermelon. The time worn saying that nothing comes by chance is a In attempting to storm the battlements of an upper berth it is a grave chance if you ever succeed in forcing an entraime.
Upper berths are very good openings for sailors. They afford rare opportunities for them to show off. It is a moving and affecting spectacle to see the fat and habitually dignified head of a family laboriously acquire pissessioii of an upixir berth. The trouble usually begins by the old gentleman expostulating with the conductor for putting him so high up, and he licgs that gilt-edged official to try and make a trade with some small-sized man who can easily climb up the side of the car and crawl inside with little difficulty. The commanding officer of the quarter deck aays he will see what he call do about it, and then he wanders off' into the blue regions of the smoking car and shakes dice with the train boy for a cigar. Meanwhile the fat man waits and perspires and fumes and curses all of officiais of the road from the president down to the section bosses.
When the conductor saunters leisurely back, he tells the fat man that nothing can be done ; no one, he says, will exchange a lower berth for an upper—no. not even if the fat man will give something to boot. That is just the wsy in this world, as soon as anybody wants anything it immediately becomes very valuable. Then the dignified fat man glares at the other passengers and waits until they have all retired before he tries to got up into the berth.
There are several different ways of forcing an entrance in an upper berth. You can hire the porter for two-bits to give you a leg up, but this method is liable to attract attention and excite ungenerous and sarcastic remarks. The dignified fat man has a regular circus. First swinging himself up by the curtain bar, he tries to go in feet first, but he can not let go the rail without tumbling lack again into the aisle. The [xirter helps him out of this fix, and the fat man tries another deal. This time he »te;ie oil the ear of a sleeping beauty m the lower berth and the sleeping beauty knocks the pins out from under him and the fat man retires to the wash-room to bathe his nose and abuse monopolies and the accommodations of the travelling hotel.
Then he gets the porter to bring a camp stool; he gets up on it, catches hold of the brass rod above, and is about to spring for the berth, when the camp stool doubles up, and, in his efforts to save\ himself from coming down with a ‘dull Wind’ on the floor, he wildly grabs the bell coni, and that stops the train, and the conductor comes in and uses language to him, and the passengers all wake up and use more language, and the dignified fat passenger even wishes he was dead or that more clothes on. Finally he manages to cra.fl into the upper berth, and he boils over with malicious thoughts and sinister desires for the bankruptcy of the railroad company. It is a full hour before he relapses into slumber, and then the conductor conies along and punches him and his ticket, and then a horrible suspicion flashes across him that the berth may become loosened in some way from its catch, and spring up against the ceiling of the car, and smother him. He sleeps no more until daylight, and then he has to jump out and dress hurridly, for the train is running into the city.
A good stretch on the longitudinal cushioned seats of the caboose of a freight train is many points ahead of the best upper berth ever invented for a palace sleeping- car, and we do not care who knows it.
¦
As TURMTINO
STDS OX* O
02T MAIN STREET, where you can procure
Splendid Bargains in every department.
DONE TO ORDER
“Yes, Hirer, Bob."
Colonel Pumpernickel, one of the lending German manufacturer» of Now Braunfels, Tei., not long since, tells a good story upon himself, when as a raw lad, he was making his first efforts to master the difficulties of the English language. All foreigners agree tl.it the English is the hardest of all languages to acquire ; so does the colonel.
He had already learned the force and signification of 'sir.' and very naturally concluded that sirec was i'» feminine. Being seated at a table opposite a very polite lady who asked him if lie would partake of a certain dish, he replied, ‘Yes, sirec.'
The lsughter which follow ed somew hat disconcerted our hero, but he turned to a friend at his right and inquired what mistake he had made. The friend informed him that he should liave said ‘Yes, siree, Bob.’ The roar of laughter from the audience, who now began to take an interest in the young German, confused him very much. In the midst of this confusion his left-hand neighbor kindly whispered something in his car which encouraged him so much that he braced himself for a third effort. Once more the lady inquired, ‘Will you have a biscuit, sirV when he answered, “Yes, siree, bob !’
TVjyis Siftiiuji.
T. 58 W.H. CLARKE
Bryson, June 7, IP S3.
misnomer.
1872.
ID
1CI7SB. -
BBT.
THOMAS MORAIT,
He has received, and is daily receiving a largo and choice assortment of GENERAL MERCHANDISE, and is now in a position to give the very best value tor your money, and guarantee bargains every time.
Merchant-: :-tailoR,



COBB STREET, - - - BRYSOH, P. ft.
Dry Goods'
never
The subscriber in returning thanks to his numerous eus-turners for past patronage would also intimate that he is in a better position than ever to fill all orders in bis line with satisfaction.
Factory Cottons, Dress Goods, Plain and Fftncy Ducks and Denims, Shirtings, and latest styles in Scotch and Canadian Tweeds.
now
---A GREAT VARIETY OF--
TWEEDS, ETOFFS, &c. &c„
He also has a lull assortment of
The husband of a beautiful wife upon returning home one day, was met by one of his offspring, all smiles, clapping his liands, and saying : “ Pa, Mr. R. has been he kissed us
Gents Furnishing.
ALWAYS IN STOCK.
Er Good Suits from Ten Dollars and upwards I «1
THOMAS MOllAN.
here ; he's such a nice man ; ail round, and mother too !

White ami Regatta Shirts, Ties, Collars, &c„ special value. Under Shirts ami Drawers—the ltest in the market and at
means business.

prices that will convince purchasers that he
OriOCBRIBH
Wm. McVBIGH

If
Bryson, June V, I SSL
In Groceries he has a very choice selection of Teas, Sugars, Tobaccos, &c.
GIROG
Beautiful Decorated Set.,. Plain Gold Line China Sets. A splendid assortment of Toilet Sets cheap.
In Glassware hi» stock is complete. Glass set, at all prices and to suit all customers.
OBB.
In this department he can lit the smallest and largest foot and will soil nothing but the best footwarc and cheapear than at any other store in Portage du Fort.
Quirk Sales and small profits will be Ills motto.
Portage dn Fort, August JO, 188A.
IX»»
For Sale.
W. J. LOUGH’S
N stock
I
rw.
o
I
Teas.
A jplendld Iron Mine mar the prujecied lint of the Poutine Pacific Junction Railway. in the Township of
TINWARE
Tobaccos.
Sugars. &«*., Ac.,
xceptionally good and at prices to suit u 11 buyers.
Bristol Will Ik* sold cheap. Apply to
JOHN KELL.
•I
BOOTS AND
Hrl.tG, A113. 2», I Sal.
m
GEO. LETTS. V
LIQlORSi
As he is making a speciality of this branch of busl-neam parties may rely upon getting the very Iie-t article iu the market, either for medicinal or other une. t4 A call solicited.
Bryson,, June 7, 1S33.
5
«11
;*
Main street, - - Bryson.
Is now in full blast, and while lie would thank bis numerous friends for past patronage, lie would intimate that his shop is now replete with every description of Tinware.
Every article in the shape of tinware required by a farmer can be found in his shop.
Wm. mcveigh.
TIih subscriber In tendering thank* to the public for the very liberal |wtroriage extended to him wince he comme Deed business in Bryson, wishes to state that he is still alive to its Interests, and prepared to fill all ord-rw entrusted to him.
i
MOST
POPULAR
-FURNITURE:-
OF ALL KINDS

hu
1UAPI1 TO ORDH


SEWING MACHINES
SPINNING-WHEELS,MO REELS,
AGRICULTURAL
Manufucturwt and guaranteed to give satisfaction. 4
rUÏIPNÇ 01 uy pattern oraia> vn U All O	ÜT MAPI". TO ORUK*.
ARE THOSE MANVTA TV RED BY THE
DEPOT!
o-
VANZER MANOFACTOR-II COMPANY.
In addition to the above he lias opened out a nice stock of
CREAMERY CANS,
Choice Groceries
Made on the latest improved principles, for sale at 53.00 a piece.
BRYSON, QUE.
Teas, Hugon, Syrup, Biscuits, Tobacco, Canned Fruits and Meats, Canities, Soap, Essences, Perfumery and g variety of Fancy Articles,
AT VERY LOW PRICES t
AJVS SUB I
GEO. LETTS.
MAIN STREET
And are superior to all other Sewtni Machines, even "The Light Banning New Home."
A
Sheep Pelts & Calf Skins.
Arc t'rcamerle# Profitable.
A large number of SHEEP PELTS and CALF
SKINS wanted for which the highest price will be l>4id in either Cash or Trade.
Eggs taken in exchange for tinware.
All orders by mail or otherwise promptly attended
o.
Professor L. B. Arnold in the new York Tiibune says: Though creameries, as generally carried on, fail to exact justice between their
The Farmers are respectfully requested to come and inspect the following AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS :
STEEL PLOUGHS,
STEEL HARROWS,
ACME HARROWS, REAPERS,
ROWERS,
PULVERIZERS,
These machine» have more points of EXCELL ENCE than all other sewing machines combined.
DAVID BALLANTINE,
Sole Agent for the County of Pontiac. Bristol Corners, July 30th, ltwJ Cm.
The Rifle.
Bryson, Juno 7, 1883.
tf
latrons, they are on the whole profitable. While they make no letter butter than can tie made in private dairies, they never make any as poor as many of the private dairies do. Creameries turn out butter of a uniform grade and excellent in quality, while no two dairies make butter alike, which is very much against the commercial value of dairy butter. No dealer can pay as much for an assortment of all kinds of butter as lie can for butter of uniform quality. On tins account lie prefers to give from five to ton cents a pound more for creamery than for dairy butter, and this difference makes the creamery system pay. The cost of manufacturing is less at the creameries than in the dairies, and the firmer average more butter from a given quantity of milk, lie-cause they employ better appliances and more skill. Creameries also pay by way of relieving farmers wives and daughters of a great deal of very hard wiit*. They are, however, not so important ill this respect as they were a few years ago. The improvements which have been made of late in butter making appliances have made it possible to raise cream quite as well and as perfectly on the farm as it can be done anywhere, and to do all the work of butter-making with greater ease and with much less labour than it was formerly done. The greatest objection to the creamery system is the general practice of estimating rich and . poor milk alike, making the same returns to patrons for equal quantities of each, which is manifestly unjust. This objection it is believed will be obviated in time. Some of the managers of the cream-gathering system in the west have opted successfully a more exact method of distributing proceeds, and it is hoped and believed that all will be well in time. In such an event creameries will become a more important institution than they are at present.
Capt. Stubbs, the Arkansas a harp-shooting expert, gave an exhibition of his skill with the rifle and piatol at Harry Hill's, New York, a few days since, that astonished the spectators. After breaking a few balls thrown in the air as though for practice, he shot at and broke a lull swinging from a lino at the end of a fish-pole while holding Ilia rifle upside down, and then did the same trick with a small glass vial that many in the audience could scarcely see as it dangled in the air. ^A swinging ball was broken by a bullet from the rifle while the weapon was pointed backward over the captain’s shoulder, sight being taken front a small hand mirA more difficult form of the same allot was equally successful. Holding the weapon iqieide down over his shoulder without any rest upon the shoulder, and holding the mirror and pulling the trigger with his other hand, the Captain broke a swinging ball with apparently the case and confidence that he would

t"
McffiUiams’Stage Line
HOOD WORK GUARANTEED.
W. J. LOUGH.

—CONNECTS REGI ^ARLY AT-
EQUITY

Haleys with the Canada Pacific trains going East and West.
!..
SHAWVILLE GALLERY.
Published ln tub Intlbmts or me Lib-BIUL CONRBRVATIVir PaMT,
Is Supplied with the latest and most fashionable designs in Printing Material,
And it* Proprietor* are in a poetion to print, with neatness and dispatch, all descriptions of Job Work from the
Large POSTER Down to the Smallest CARO.
n ii-
Thc uaikr.igacd having leased the Photograph Gallery in the village ufShswvillc, from the Messrs Tag-gait, i* now, with the assistance of a
People travelling fis in i Portage Du Fort to Bristol, Quyon or Aylmer, will hud It eonveident to stop at
tbs
same
have had if some one had held it against the muzzle of the rifle. The same shot was made with one of the tin The moet difficult shot and that Capt. Stubbs did not make at the first trial was at a ball swung rapidly around the fish pole at the end of the line, and he explained that the shortening of the line by winding around the pole caused the miss. On changing the rigging of the line he made the shot A ball dropped from the hand four feet above the stage was then broken by the Captain in both forward and backward shots. The Captain closed his exhibition by repeating some of the more difficult shots with ¦ pistol.
OTTAWA HOUSE,
i
iy glass vials, the only one
sa Wyman's Stage loaves this Hotel every luoraieg (Hi unlays excepted).
Prepared to carry on the business with renewed vigor.
and HORSE RAKES.
Bill Heads,
Letter Heads,
Letter Circulars,
<o)
THE STAGE LINE going NORTH,
ENLARGING A SPECIAL-
TY Mowers ami reapers are all of a superior quality and this coupled with the fact that the foundry is so convenient thereby rendering it easy to get a break repaired, which is a decided advantage, leads us to ask an inspection of these machines before purchasing elsewhere.
All the extras in connection with these implements kept on hand or ordered on the shortest notice.
ITY.
Statements, Hand Bills,
-FOB-
I
,-k.il-
All Kinds of Picture Framing, from $1.00 up to $25.00, done with Neatness and Dis-
Bryson, Fori Coulonge and inter-
Law Forms, Business Cards, fltc. &c.
A Terrible Change.
It was in September, 1879. The train that bore Bode Hswkina to college caught him away from the arma of hia mother and the kiaaes of hia sister. Very glum was Bode Hawkins, and very reluctant he was to go to school.
‘Aw, shew T he growled, T donkare to go wither, so what's the use 1 Doggone the oollinge, it don't be no good, an' I won’t know no more w en I come hack than I do w en I go away I’d drother drive team 'r learn a trade r something Dod fetch the thing, anyhow.’
mediate points,
also leaves the OTTAWA HOUSE every aenia (except Sunday).
The Free Press mays that a man who ia
so stingy as to borrow a newspaper when he can pay for one, he will talk through his nose to save wearing out his teeth.
A western neper montions a rattlesnake being killed by a man with thirteen rattles. The man must liar* been a very few policemen
PATCH.
All orders by mail will receive our prompt attention. Particular care will be lakcn in the printing of pamphlets, &c. to have them free of mistakes and printed in pla-n, readable type.
(auranteed.
Subscription price one dollar per year
in advance.
He is determined to exert h» heat efforts to please the pubUv. and would therefore resprctfnlly nollrita a call believing that he cam satisfy the moet exerting with hia work.
^7V", Gr. Ijeroy
Orient try telegram or totter for special stage to meet C.P.R. trains, at Healeys, will receive prompt site
Satisfaction
tion
t. McWilliams.
T. A. Wainman,
STBJA.
_ AGENT FOR FROST * WOOD
Purls#* On Furt. June T. isss.
ShswvUlr, Jam 7, M88

>
\
i
k


a


^92506
